Are potato wedges fried or baked?
How is the perfect onion ring prepared according to the chef’s source?
What are some tricks to preserve the leftover pizza and bring it to the table the following day, always soft and fragrant as fresh from the oven?
Can you make minute rice the way you make risotto, or would that turn out weird?
What recipes do you love that happen to rely on dry ingredients?
What tools can I use from my kitchen to cook food on steam without a steamer?
How do you thicken au jus? What are some tips?
How do you fix undercooked rice in a rice cooker?
How is pizza sauce different from regular pasta sauce?
What is your tip or secret for keeping the "hard shell" on your tacos from breaking?
How much water do I put in my Zojirushi rice cooker?
Is butter good for searing steak?
What is the quickest, easiest way to remove the outer skin of an onion?
Should you grill salmon with the skin-side down first?
How do I heat up a baked potato?
Why does my rice always taste watery when I cook it what am I doing wrong?
Why does it take so long to make pancake batter?
How do I make a zucchini wrapped sole recipe?
What are some ways to improve canned tomato soup to make it taste better?
How do you fix pulled pork that turned out dry? Will adding a ton of butter help?
How long does it take to cook a 9lb spiral ham?
What should you never do when cooking mushrooms?
How hot should oil be for frying?
How do you can food with a pressure cooker?
How do you keep chicken from burning on the grill?
What is the best way to counteract vinegar if too much is put into soup?
What type of cooked pasta reheats best, egg-based or water-based?
How do I cook a bottom round rump roast?
How can I stop food from sticking to the bottom of the air fryer?
How do you saute shrimp in butter?
What is the easiest pasta dish to prepare?
How do you clean and cook asparagus?
Why is a 3/4 cups not common measurement cup in measurement sets?
How do I cook a rock cornish game hen?
How do I seal a jar with a jam so that it can be opened without breaking the lid?
Why do you bring steak to room temperature before cooking?
How do you fry pork chops without them sticking to the pan?
What is a panade in cooking?
How do I cook and mash sweet potatoes?
What's the best lamb for roasting?
What does it mean to cook a steak blue?
How do I cook without oil or butter?
Why does my brown rice always turn out hard?
What are some easy, quick, and low-budget recipes?
What is the best way to tenderize a steak, without making a career out of it?
What’s are some of your favourite summer gathering recipes?
How do you keep bacon from curling up while you cook it?
How do I fry French fries at home?
How do you toast pecans on the stove?
How do you keep the crust of a frozen pizza from burning?
How can I replace peanut butter in a recipe?
How do you make scampi sauce?
How could you roast eggplants without having a grill?
What are the advantages of stir frying?
Can you grate an onion?
What kind of fuel should I use in a fondue burner?
What are the most common blunders in home cooking?
Are store-bought tortillas fully cooked?
How do I fix soggy fried rice?
How do I cook zucchini on a stove top?
How do I cook a boneless top sirloin steak?
How do you choose and cook your pasta so that it sticks well to the sauce?
How hot do you cook a turkey?
How do I make canned chicken taste good?
How do I cook a bone in an oven?
How do I cook a turkey with cheesecloth?
Does marinating steak make it more tender?
How do I cook a 5lb beef tenderloin?
Do you have to soak rice noodles before cooking?
What is a nice alternative to pancetta when preparing carbonara?
What is the best way to grill ahi tuna?
What is the best way to prepare hotdogs? Boiled, fried or microwaved?
What are some of the best ways to elevate a simple dish up to another level?
What are some good tips for an oven that is too hot at the bottom?
How do I cook pheasant on the stove?
How can you fix a cast iron pan that becomes sticky after cooking?
What ingredients do you use for cooking bacon?
How do I make a giant chicken nugget?
How could you fry food without always using oil?
How do I cut an eggplant for eggplant parmesan?
How long does it take to cook asparagus at 450?
Why do baking recipes call for unsalted butter?
How do I make popcorn like in the movies?
How do I safely make cold cut deli meat?
I love baking and cooking, but I can't bake or cook anything. I can't even make a doughnut. What do I do?
What happens to your rice if you leave it in the rice cooker on warm mode?
How do you cook bacon and eggs in the same pan?
Can you use the oven and stove at the same time?
What would be a good non-dairy butter substitute for preparing a steak?
How do you crush grains at home?
Have you ever cooked the eggplant like this? I can never stop cooking eggplant.
What kind of meat should be used for fondue, and why?
Can you grill and barbecue when it is raining outside?
How would you prepare the fastest and tastiest summer meal in a few minutes?
Do you use the same amount of pure vanilla as vanilla extract?
Do you have to peel potatoes for a soup? E.g. Scotch Broth. When I bake potatoes I leave the skin on, that's the best bit isn't it?
Has anyone ever tried heating or reheating food in a microwave using cooking oil?
Should I blanch vegetables before roasting?
How large in diameter should one’s frying pan be for stir fry?
What are your techniques in cooking eggs to be delicious?
What are some simple cooking tips that can make a quick and easy dish taste better?
How can you incorporate leftover broccoli into other recipes?
Is it worth getting canned whole tomatoes to then immersion blend them?
What if a recipe calls for two eggs but you have only one?
How do you make blueberry pie filling from scratch?
How do I cook a 20 lb ham?
How do I bake a tri-tip roast?
Is it really necessary to soak the potatoes in water, before putting them in the oven/pan?
When trying to sear a steak on the pan, is it best to have the pan as hot as possible before putting the steak on or cold?
How do I avoid splatter when cooking with oil?
What's the best method for removing fat off a whole chicken?
How long should dry beans be soaked before cooking?
How many cloves of garlic should you use for one portion of pasta sauce?
How do I cook a country cured ham?
Can I use pasta sauce instead of tomato sauce?
How do I cook a petite tender beef filet?
How can you fix it when you overproof your pizza dough?
What is the best way to fix Yukon Gold potatoes?
How do I cook garlic in the microwave?
When I don't have an egg tray or egg carton how to carry eggs without breaking them?
What is the most practical way to steam rice?
What is the most difficult way to cook an egg?
Is it okay to let the chicken marinate for 15-20 minutes before cooking?
Is dry ginger an option for fresh ginger in recipes?
What do you call foods cooked in a frying pan?
What is the best way to not have dough stick to your hands as you’re kneading it?
Help! I forgot to put onions in my meatloaf. Meatloaf is already done so I cut it in half and stuffed raw onions in it. How long before onions are cooked on 375 in oven without overcooking meatloaf?
Why should you gently fry/infuse your olive oil with garlic (or lime zest/salt etc.) and not the meat directly that you're pan-frying (cooking, technique, flavor, aroma, food science)?
What are some uncomplicated ingredients that can really make a boring dish tasty?
What's a good, lightweight solution for portable cookware?
How long does steak last after being cooked?
How do I cook a sirloin steak medium rare?
What can you cook in a multicooker?
Why does ground beef get tougher the more it’s handled prior to cooking?
What is the difference between broiling and braising?
Does a roasting pan have to have a lid to cook a large stuffed turkey properly?
Can you leave pizza dough to rise for hours?
How do I cook a 6-pound chicken?
What ingredients can be added to pasta dough to give it more flavor?
What's your cooking tip that sounds gross but is actually amazing?
What can you add to make your oatmeal tastier?
How long do you cook string beans?
How long does it take to cook pork at 350?
What is the best way to clean a roasting tray/baking tray that has sauce burned onto it?
How do I cook a pork blade roast?
When you cook, do you often spice up your preparations? If so, what kind?
Can popcorn be made out of any kind of corn? If so, why don't we do that more often?
As a cooking enthusiast, what is one thing you absolutely could not do without in the kitchen?
With what do you balance a dish that turned out more spicy than you planned?
How do I boil eggs to make them easy to peel?
What do you add to powdered gravy to make it better?
Does the way you prepare garlic impact its flavor?
How long does it take to cook oatmeal in a microwave?
How do you soften tough corned beef?
How can I make ham taste more interesting? The hams I cooked are usually very plain.
How often do you cook a slow stew?
How long does it take to reheat pasta in a microwave?
Can rice be cooked in a pressure cooker?
Is there any benefit of sous vide in butter?
How do I cook a tender chicken breast?
How do I cook tamales on the stove?
How long do you soak kidney beans?
How much uncooked rice makes 1 cup cooked?
How do I cook a pork Boston butt steak?
Can pizza dough be made in advance?
What are the advantages of brining a turkey?
How do I make Mac and cheese cheesier?
What did you cook last week?
What cheap nice food can I cook on a budget?
What can I do to drain my vegetables from the oil that I used too much of?
How do I cook cabbage in a pot?
What are the best stocks you can use while cooking lamb?
How long should a rub stay on meat before cooking?
How long does it take to cook uncooked chicken tenders?
How do I cook chicken on a traeger?
How long do you let charcoal burn before cooking?
How do I use a power pressure cooker?
How do I make my homemade yogurt less sour?
How do you cook steak fajitas without the meat being too tough?
Why is it important to cut vegetables into a uniform size before cooking?
How do I cook on a cast iron griddle?
Is steak better if cooked in a stone/wood fired oven?
How do I thicken pasta sauce without cornstarch?
How do you cook spinach without losing nutrients?
Can you slow roast a Strip Steak to make it more tender? Our grocers meats are pretty bad, tasteless and tough. I've tried Sous Vide, reverse sear, brining and roasting . . . looking for the roasting trick to work.
Can I use any chili paste as a substitute for sambal?
How could you prepare an appetizing bruschetta in a few minutes?
What is your favorite ketchup recipe and/or unique recipe item for your ketchup?
Do different cooking methods affect meat taste?
How long do you cook a medium rare steak on the stovetop?
What are some safety precautions for cooking?
Can ragù be used for dishes that don't contain pasta?
How do I cook a pork shoulder roast?
What are the mistakes not to make because they would spoil the clams before cooking?
How long does it take to pressure cook a pork roast?
How do you make bacon not crispy?
How do I prepare steak on the stove?
Can You cook sardines (canned) in many ways?
What is the best technique to ensure pan-fried sandwiches (e.g. a reuben) does not fall apart when you flip it?
How much rice should I cook for 4?
How do I slice cheese without a slicer?
What is bain marie in cooking? What benefits does it have for food?
I've put too much mustard in my potato salad. Do you have a remedy so I can salvage my dish?
What will happen to my cake if I don't preheat the oven?
How do I cook white rice in an instant pot?
Are woks practical for cooking for a family?
Does steak from a supermarket cook quicker than steak from butchers?
What are some tips for searing a steak?
Are popcorn kernels edible?
What are some recipes for cooking corn on the cob?
How do I broil lamb chops in an oven?
What are some easy tricks to prolong the life of your grill?
Is it worth it to buy more expensive eggs?
How do I cook poached eggs without it sticking to the pan?
What's the recipe for a tempura worthy of the name?
How do you make cabbage interesting?
Can I brush melted butter on the edges of a pizza before cooking it?
How can you ruin an expensive cut of steak?
Can hard boiled eggs be made in a steamer?
What’s a good potato recipe for a terrible cook like myself?
How do I rescue a dish which is too salty or too oily?
What are the best tomato sauces (with herb or without) you use while cooking?
What's the quickest way to cook pinto beans, so I can make homemade refried beans?
How do I saute spinach with olive oil?
How long does it take to cook a sirloin roast?
How long does it take to cook wings at 400?
When making your pizza at home, how do you apply the toppings?
Can I combine meat and fruit in a main dish? If so, what do you suggest?
What is your go-to 'save it from the trash’ recipe?
Why isn't dry pasta salted?
What are some grilling tools that everyone should have?
How do I cook a rib eye roast in the oven?
How do I reuse an undercooked steak?
Why do you have to stir pasta in the bowl to prevent it from sticking?
How long does it take to broil thick pork chops?
What is gratin in cooking?
What is the best thing to add to leftover pizza to make it taste fresh?
How do I make a beef eye round roast?
What is the cheapest way to make plain pasta taste better?
Do you love pepperoni grease? Would you buy jars of it to cook with?
Does it ruin pasta to cook without salt?
Which spices do well in both sweet and savory recipes?
How many recipes out of a cookbook do you actually use?
Does adding salt while shallow frying onions make them fry quicker? If so, what’s the reason behind it?
How can you make your beans more watery when cooking?
What can I do in the kitchen with a searing torch?
Why do some people store salt in the refrigerator?
Device I can buy or build myself to make (roll) Cheeseballs (basically some grinded vegetables/spices and different types of cheese shredded as well) before adding the breadcrumbs and egg yolk, because I have to roll like alot of balls?
Can you make delicious cube steak in the microwave? Something without heavy salt, garlic, or onions.
How long does a whole chicken last in a crock pot?
What's the easiest way to spice up a boring ole hamburger or hot dog on the grill at a BBQ? How? Why?
How is cookie dough different than cake batter?
When I fry beef this grey stuff often comes out? What is it and how do I avoid it?
What is a good way to cook cauliflower rice if you are a person who doesn't like cauliflower very much?
What is the best set of pots for those who cook every day?
Are ceramic utensils always microwave oven safe?
What can I cook without meat?
How do I cut vegetables without the knife going off at an angle?
How do you make tomato sauce less tangy?
How long does it take for potatoes in a crock pot?
How long does it take to cook zucchini on a stove?
How do you avoid rice sticking to the cooker?
What seasonings do you use for your homemade fries?
Do pasta and beans go together?
Do you have to cook pasta before putting it in a slow cooker?
How do I cook bass in the oven?
What is the best way to cook canned soup?
What happens if you forget to dust the pan with flour before pouring cake batter in it and putting it in the oven?
Does oil or butter help rise the dough?
Can you cook 4 2-pound meat loafs at the same time?
What’s the best way to reheat ground beef in the oven?
What are some tips for cooking without making a huge mess?
How do I make store bought Alfredo sauce taste better?
What can you use instead of baking powder for pancakes?
Is hard pasta an indication that it was overcooked or undercooked?
What are some substitutions for flour when cooking pasta sauces that need to thicken a bit?
What can be used as a substitute for Dijon mustard when making deviled eggs?
Why are some pizzas under cooked on the bottom and burnt on the top?
How do you drain the blood from burgers before cooking?
How do I cook pasta in a crock pot?
Would it be weird/blasphemous to use roasted garlic instead of raw garlic in sauces and dressings?
What's the best water temperature for making pizza dough?
What unexpected ingredient do you add to a dish?
Should I poke holes in steak before grilling?
Do I need to change tongs, spoons, or other utensils I used when I started cooking meat midway through cooking to avoid contamination? Or can I use the same throughout the cooking process? Why or why not?
How do I use extra white boiled rice left after lunch?
How do you fix mushy pancakes?
Do you have a recipe that you don't share with anybody?
How do I deep fry without a thermometer?
How long should I quick soak my dry black beans?
What can I do with a bad batch of brownies?
What is the best way to cook purple sprouting broccoli?
How do you keep vegan pancakes from sticking together?
Whenever I boil pasta (specifically spaghetti), it always sticks to itself before I'm ready to use it. What can I do to avoid this without it becoming mushy (which happens if I keep it in the water)?
Why cooking is a good hobby?
What is the most delicious dish someone brought to a gathering that the person would not give out the recipe for? Did you ever find out how to make it?
How do I turn a dry rub into sauce?
How can I save burnt pork ribs?
How do you keep cornbread from sticking to the cast iron cornbread stick pans? Cooking spray doesn't seem to work too well.
Can you use a deep fryer without the basket?
What are the easiest non-pancake recipes that use pancake mix?
How do you cook female eggplants?
How do you cook spleen?
How do I cook a cure 81 ham?
Does chopping steak negate the benefit of using better meat?
If you want your potatoes to be baked quickly (dinner is in an hour) but you forgot to preheat the oven, should you put them in while preheating or not (baking, potatoes, cooking)?
How long is dry pasta good for?
How long do you soak no-boil lasagna noodles?
How can you reheat noodles without them sticking to each other?
Should I add salt to the batter of a fried food OR sprinkle salt after frying it?
Is there a pasta equivalent to risotto?
How long does it take to cook a turkey overnight?
When making fresh pasta, do I salt the water or the pasta itself?
How do I grill without an actual grill?
How do you make great brown rice in a rice cooker?
Is it better to fry bake or boil meatballs when making spaghetti and meatballs?
Can I use coconut oil instead of ordinary veg oil in a cake mix?
What does butter do to tomato sauce?
How do I cook hard boiled eggs without the shell sticking to the egg?
How do I make loaded baked potato soup?
What are great-to-know tips for preparing clay pot cooking?
How do I cook a beef round eye steak?
How do you cook frozen dumplings without a steamer?
What is the best way to reheat leftover gnocchi?
How do I cook stuffed mushrooms in an oven?
Can I add vanilla extract to simple syrup?
How can you use a grill mat on an indoor grill?
Which dish do you default to when you have no ideas on what to cook?
How do you microwave pasta without drying it out?
How do you make turkey meatballs that don't fall apart?
What part of the human body would be more delicious if it has properly cooked with herbs and seasonings?
How do I cook tender country ham slices?
How can I make a casserole without chopping any of the ingredients?
When making pancakes, what are some tricks to avoid the big mess and how to make them similar in size?
How long do you cook red potatoes?
What do you do if you mistake salt for sugar while cooking?
What tips do you have on cutting vegetables lengthways before adding to a stew?
What can I use instead of carrots, onions, and celery when making a stew?
How do you slice, chop, and mince?
How do I make rotisserie chicken less moist?
What is the difference between chicken bouillon, chicken stock and chicken broth?
How do I make pizza not stick on a ceramic stone?
What is chervil used for in cooking?
Which cooking oil is best for frying eggs?
Can I pre-cook tri tip and finish it later?
What can you add to boiled food to make them taste better?
What is the best way to cook a rock eel?
How do I cook a cube steak without frying?
What is special about the chain cut off of the beef tenderloin? How do you like to cook it?
How do you clean a pellet grill in an easy way?
How long does it take to BBQ a steak medium rare?
Is there a way to cook minced garlic without it "popping" out of the pan?
What does ‘spatchcock’ mean in cooking?
What foods do you feel are always better when cooked on a grill?
Can I stir fry potatoes without boiling them?
How do I make mustard greens taste good?
Can onions be grilled on a barbecue grill?
What is a fruit puree?
After preheating an oven, am I supposed to bake at the same temperature or is it advisable to change?
What is the most versatile cooking device for people with limited space?
How long do you mix pizza dough in a spiral mixer?
Is it true that if someone attempts to grill frozen brats and hamburgers on the grill without unthawing them first, they will most likely burn the outside but leave the inside uncooked?
How long should I put microwave popcorn in for?
What is a natural starter?
How do I boil an egg without its shell getting cracked during boiling?
How do I broil steak in a gas oven?
How do I cook al pastor on a stove?
Why do we need salt to "pull" the flavor of things we cook?
How do I make salty food less salty?
How could cooking be creative?
What kind of meals can you cook using tamarind powder?
How do you make the bottom of a frozen pizza crispy?
How do I peel and chop an onion?
What can a rice cooker cook beside rice?
After searing, how long do you bake a 1-pound sirloin steak?
How do you grill a burger without drying it out?
Can I make pancakes with just sweet potatoes and eggs?
Why shouldn't you break the pasta before cooking it?
How long does it take to roast garlic in an oven?
How do you make salmon patties from scratch?
How do you cook pork loin chops?
How do I cook Denver steak in an oven?
How do I cook an angus steak in an oven?
Can you cook sous vide directly with the store sealed packaging?
How can I make my shepherds pie taste better after already cooking the filling?
How can I keep pizza from sticking to the pan?
How long does it take to cook chicken at 325?
What's the best non-dairy way to neutralize spicy foods?
How can I safely dispose cooking oil that I used?
What ingredient do you always add more than is called for in a recipe?
How do I cook a "one minute microwave pudding" without a microwave?
How do I make sure the inside is cooked when frying?
How long does it take to deep fry a ham?
What are some substitutes for eggs in pancakes?
How can I boil eggs without the yolk turning green?
What's the best way to cook oat groats?
What is the best bagged ice cream recipe?
Is there any way at home that I can make flour tortillas without rolling them out?
How do I achieve a "simmer" in an Instant Pot?
What can I cook for my mom on her birthday? I have no experience in cooking that's why I want it to be as easy as possible but also very special. I want to prepare a whole meal with the main dish, a side, accompanying drink and a dessert
What will happen if the meat is not washed or rinsed before cooking?
How long does it take to cook frittata in an oven?
How do you make the bacon crispy, but not burn the scallops, for bacon wrapped scallops?
How do you make chicken tenders juicy yet well cooked?
How do I preserve pizza sauce for a year?
How do I cook a 3 lb roast beef?
What are three ways to find the best olive oil for cooking?
How do you reheat baked ziti in the oven?
How do I cook perogies in the oven?
How do you prevent chicken from sticking when searing?
How do I cook a salmon fillet on the stove and what seasons should I use?
Do you need to cook vegetables before putting on pizza?
Can you keep taco meat warm in a crockpot?
How do I cook food in the forest?
What happens if you put too much bread crumbs in meatloaf?
What is the difference between carbonara and boscaiola?
How do I make instant potatoes taste better?
What are your favorite seasonings or toppings you like to use when making roasted vegetables?
How do I cook brown rice on a stove?
What are awesome cooking hacks for fixing burnt food?
In how much water do I need to put ramekins when cooking au bain marie in the oven?
How long does it take to bake a pizza at 400 degrees?
How do I cook chicken skewers in an oven?
How do I make Chef Boyardee taste better?
What are some tasty ways to fix salty potato salad?
Should you cook meat directly above the flame of a gas stove (grilling, cooking)?
How do you soften carrots quickly?
How do I cook rice with coconut oil?
Can I prepare my cake batter with a blender?
How do you prevent a cake from rising and cracking in the middle while baking?
What happens if you don't let pizza dough rise?
How do you make pasta salad with store-bought gnocchi?
How do I replace eggs in a recipe?
How do I make stir-fry sauces that don't get watery and thin as leftovers?
Why would you add vinegar to a spaghetti sauce?
Does egg temperature matter when making pancakes?
What seasoning do you use to marinate chicken?
What is a binding agent in cooking?
How do I know when my eggs are safely cooked?
Should I freeze dumplings raw or cooked?
How long does it take to cook a beef pot roast?
What are tricks of the trade for cooking efficiently for one (food preservation, storage, shopping, cooking)?
What do you do with leftover pancakes?
How do I keep Mac and cheese moist?
How can you keep a hamburger from bulging in the middle while it's cooking on the grill?
What are the best pans to cook with and have food not stick to it or burn?
What does scalded milk do for bread?
What can you use instead of scalded milk in a recipe?
In a rice cooker do you add spices before or after cooking?
Is slow cooking always the best way to cook brisket?
Why is beating eggs with sugar necessary in some recipes?
I would add BBQ powder on my fries but it won't stick to the fries. What do I do?
How do you keep eggs from sticking to stainless steel pans?
What does 'blackened' mean in cooking? Does it mean this process will make the meat very well-done and dry?
When cooking steak, how can I keep the fat melting from causing the steak to change shape?
Why shouldn't you peel potatoes when cutting onions?
What is the best way to cook hotdogs (that tastes decent), at home when you do not have access to a grill?
How do you stop boiled food from sticking to a stainless steel pot?
Why does my soufflé cheesecake sink so much? It sunk by about half within 5 minutes of taking it out of the oven.
How do you prevent your homemade potato salad from turning out watery?
Is there a tool for searing/browning the sides of a chuck roast?
How do I cook linguica in the oven?
How long does it take to cook a small ham?
What is the first thing you should always do before starting to cook?
How do you soften hardened, freshly boiled pasta?
How do I cook chicken breast without oil?
Can I cook a frozen pizza in a frying pan?
What do you use instead of milk in meatloaf?
How do I cook a steak on a stove?
How do you grill without skewers?
How can I make my stew taste better? The tomatoes was almost spoilt and now the stew has a tangy taste
How can I make an easy tofu marinade without sodium?
My cookbook tells me to cook my eggs (4 of them) in a saucepan for 15 minutes for hard cooked eggs. How much time would I have to add to get good results for a dozen at a time?
What do I do if my lasagna is too watery?
Can I add lentils to a baked chicken-and-vegetable stew?
Should I strip the factory seasoning off a new Lodge skillet?
How do you cook a 30 pound turkey?
How do I make cream sauce for pasta?
How do you rescue overproofed dough?
Do ribs get more tender the longer they cook?
When cooking breakfast, what do you cook first?
How do I make quick and easy fried chicken? What ingredients are required to make it juicy, crispy, and tender?
How long do you cook penne pasta?
What is your best recipe for a sour cherry pan sauce?
What is a good replacement for mayonnaise?
Do you need to wash scallops before cooking them?
What can I use instead of an oven?
What is the best way to cook legumes?
What can you use as a binder in meatloaf instead of breadcrumbs?
How hard is it to learn to cook?
Are you supposed to cook pasta sauce before putting it on the pasta or, should you add pasta sauce directly from the jar and stir it up on the hot stovetop?
What trick does a professional chef do when he runs out of ingredients while cooking and the customer is waiting for him?
How many efforts will be wasted in becoming a good cook?
What is the difference between a baked potato and a boiled potato?
What's the attraction for bucatini pasta? It's hollow like a straw so you cannot slurp it as you would with spaghetti or twirl it with a fork unless you overcook it into mush. If you are going to chop it into segments, why not just use ziti?
How could you prepare a very tasty summer appetizer in just 5 minutes?
Can you cook eggs without oil in a nonstick pan?
How do you cook a boiled egg in which the egg white is cooked but the egg yolk is half-cooked and half liquid?
How long should I leave rice out after cooking?
How do you make tortilla chips?
Do you have to defrost pizza before cooking?
What's a foolproof way to prepare tofu where the cubes stay intact after cooking or baking, and don't break up?
How do you keep long noodles like fettuccine and spaghetti from breaking apart?
How do I reheat leftovers in the oven?
What does it mean to let a sauce reduce?
What is the trick to making every single kernel pop when preparing popcorn?
What is pernod in cooking?
How do you cook a pork soup without it tasting salty?
How long does it take to cook chicken breast at 400?
What is a free cooking book?
How do I make potato latkes?
What would happen if you added a ton of Bay leaves to a soup?
How do I cook moist boneless pork chops?
Why do people pound chicken breasts flat before cooking?
How do you fix undercooked potatoes?
Do proteins disappear when boiling?
How do I flatten meat without a mallet?
How do I spice up canned baked beans?
Is there a way to use or transform leftover hollandaise sauce?
Why do people use oil to cook popcorn when it cooks as well or better without using oil?
How do I cook food more nutritiously?
How do I cook a beef tip roast?
Should you add garlic to pasta sauce?
What are some tricks to prevent my omelettes from turning into scrambled eggs?
How do I strain Chia Seeds after soaking them? (they go right through my strainer as they are so small)
How long do you cook canned hominy?
What is the best way to cook jowl bacon?
How do you make fried food less greasy?
How can I become a better chef?
How do I clean and cook a turkey?
How do I cook pork chops with bones?
How long does it take to cook chicken thighs in an oven at 180?
How long does it take to cook small baked potatoes?
Do you have to cook canned potatoes?
How can I make my own Bisquick?
How much dry rice is needed to cook rice?
How do I make a tuna casserole in an oven?
How long would you grill a full rack of ribs before flipping it over to season and cook the other side?
Can you marinate chicken in buttermilk for 36 hours?
What is the easiest way to cook perfect rice?
How long do you bake chicken legs at 350?
Is it okay to season steak midway through cooking?
As so many dislike garlic presses, what are better methods to mince garlic?
Why do chefs often put a wooden spoon across a pot of boiling water?
What are tips every griller should know for the grillings of fresh vegetables?
How do I cook mixed greens without meat?
Does a burger cook better on a grill than a stove top?
What is the best tasting mushroom for cooking?
How do I make spaghetti in the microwave?
How long does it take to bake a 16 lb turkey?
How long does gnocchi take to cook?
How could you prepare an excellent flan of potatoes and herbs?
When cooking steak, should the fat inside be cooked?
What is the best way to reheat a cream based pasta dish?
What are some good heat resistant bags for cooking?
How long does it take to roast an unstuffed turkey?
Is parchment paper better to cook with than foil?
How do I cook mussels in red sauce?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of sauteing?
How do I cook a filet mignon medium well?
What cheese do you use in Cordon Bleu?
Is it better to cook wantons and then store them or store them in the fridge raw until they’re ready to cook?
How do I cut the chicken into pieces to cook?
What is the best way to make my sourdough less sour?
Is there a guaranteed way to crack an egg into a pan without breaking the yolk?
How do I cook calves liver and onions?
How do I cook pasta without a pot?
How do I chop a head of cabbage?
How can you make a microwaved Caesar Salad taste good?
Why is simmering important in making stocks?
Do you soak skewers in hot or cold water?
How do I make tomato sauce with tomatoes?
How do you add smoke flavor to food cooked on a gas grill?
How do I thaw hash browns for a casserole?
How does cooking time affect food?
How do you fix Mac 'n Cheese That's too salty?
How long does it take to cook a 10lb prime rib?
If you had to give either garlic or onion up in cooking, which one would it be?
What is the best way to check if bread dough is proofed?
How do you make a weekend main dish with leftover last during the weekdays?
Do you have to soak toothpicks before baking?
How many shrimps are 100g?
How do I make sauce out of tomatoes?
How do I make all-purpose flour rise?
Should eggs be at room temperature for pancakes?
What is the benefit of soaking potatoes in water?
Do you add salt to an omelette?
What spices would you put in roasted root vegetable soup purees?
How do I maintain oil temperature when deep frying at home?
What can you do with overcooked simple syrup?
What is the best way to light up charcoal for barbecue?
Why do people add ingredients to make their stew thick? What's wrong with runny stew?
How do I cook dried pinto beans fast?
Are there any savory ideas (like for supper) for what you can do with bananas when their peels have gone brown?
How do I use an easy bake ultimate oven?
When starting to cook, what should you practice and try to master first?
What can I do with leftover tomatoes?
When a recipe calls for partial ingredients, such as only the egg yolk, what are you supposed to do with the rest?
How do I make steamed broccoli taste good?
How do I prepare a turkey before cooking?
Is it okay to bake chicken in its marinade?
How do I cook a 12 lb ham?
How can I prevent the breading from falling off my chicken as I prepare to cook it?
How do I cook ham in a roaster?
What are some tips for making a better sandwich?
What cannot be cooked in a steam oven?
What are the pros and cons of stewing meat?
Why do eggs stick to frying pans, no matter what material the pan is made of?
Should you keep the skin on watermelon rinds when cooking?
What’s your secret hack for boxed macaroni & cheese?
What's the best way to make a homemade mashed potato?
How do I know when a steak is done?
What do spices mean for you for cooking? How do you usually dose?
One of the common problems in cooking starches is scorching, which resulted to starch granules settling in the bottom. How can we avoid this?
How long do you cook spaghetti sauce?
What is the best way to reheat breaded steak or pork?
If you have no cooking knowledge and experience and want to be able to cook professional-quality food for your future kids, should you go to culinary school?
How do I make foods crispy and brown in the microwave?
Is there any way to salvage soggy pasta?
What happens if you cook with an unseasoned cast iron pan?
How do I thicken red beans and rice?
I've been struggling for days to learn how to make rice pilaf, but I just can't get the hang of it. What is a good recipe or method to learn to make pilaf from scratch?
How do I make a simple stir fry?
How do I spice up canned spaghetti sauce?
How long do you cook sea scallops?
How do I make turkey gravy with giblets?
What is velveting meat, and what are the benefits?
How do I steam salmon without a steamer?
How do you keep your nachos from getting soggy in the oven?
What is the best way to reheat cookies so they taste freshly baked?
How can I bake the food that is meant to fry?
How would you get a person to eat your favorite dish, which contains an ingredient they don't like?
How do I steam chicken in a rice cooker?
What should I bake on a Saturday?
What is the easiest and quickest way to cook an egg?
Are tupperware lids dishwasher safe?
How do I reheat tamales without a steamer?
What is ‘confit’ in cooking?
What does adding vinegar or baking soda do to boiling eggs?
How do I cook beef cubes on a stove?
How rough should the finish on a pizza peel be?
What are some cooking tips or hacks?
How do you make pulled pork that is tender but not dry?
What do I do with browned butter after frying a steak?
How do I cut onions so that they won't make me cry?
What is your favorite uncommon spice or herb to cook with?
What are some tips that would instantly make somebody a better cook?
Why is it important to know different cuts of meat?
What is the best temperature to cook a joint of beef?
How do I keep sliced potatoes from browning?
The nonstick coating seems to be coming off my pan. Is there a way to fix it or at least to get food not to stick?
How long does it take to cook a precooked turkey?
What is the best way to keep store-bought corn tortillas from tearing or breaking when you roll them into enchiladas?
How long do you cook a 3-pound roast at 350?
What is a substitute for water when cooking?
How do I deep fry in a pot?
How could you prepare a quick, tasty, and so good fish sauce that it makes a great impression at the table?
Why should you always clean your grill with an onion?
How long does risotto take to cook?
What is a simple but delicious potato recipe?
What can you use instead of pie weights?
How do I cook snow peas on a stove?
Can I use blue bonnet butter for a beignet recipe when it asks for unsalted butter?
How do I stop butter from burning when reverse searing steak?
Why does YouTube do nothing about the proliferation of fake and dangerous food/cooking hacks?
What is the best way to drain grease from ground beef?
How can I learn to cook delicious vegetables and be good in cooking vegetarian food?
Is spaghetti fattening?
What is proofing in cooking?
If I cooked three stews, one on the hob, one in the oven, and one in a slow cooker, how could a chef tell which way I cooked them?
How can I get breaded chicken to stop from sticking to the frying pan?
How do I cook a beef shank center cut?
The middle of my brownies aren’t cooking while the edges are burning. What do I do?
If I use good cooking utensils, knives, frying pans, etc., will the food be delicious?
How do I cook a pork shoulder butt roast?
How do you make one serving of rice?
Can you show the pictures of the best vegetable dishes you cooked?
How can you choose a good microwave in order to be better protected from the waves it emits during cooking?
What's your favorite recipe to use for banana pudding? Why is it your favorite?
Why is garlic used in every savoury dish?
How do you prepare portobello mushrooms for stuffing?
Does studding a roast with garlic actually do anything?
What are some ways of keeping cooked food from spoiling?
What is ‘parcooking’?
How can I make an easy dinner?
How does the microwave pizza button get the pizza cooked perfectly?
How long does it take to cook a beef round roast?
Can mashed potatoes be made on the stove without draining the potatoes?
How do I make butter sauce for crab?
What is a chef's trick to prepare boiled or grilled octopus but always as tender as butter?
How do I cook two turkeys at once?
What are some ways to cheat saltiness when you add too much salt in your cooking?
What food can you prepare under 10 minutes?
How do you add parmesan to a cream sauce so that it actually mixes into the sauce?
What is the difference between cooking wine and regular wine in terms of changing food taste?
Why would chicken cooked on a grill turn out mushy?
Do you have to marinate meat in an airtight container?
How do I cook a free range turkey?
Premade pizza dough frozen, and then expired. Can I use it to make pizza?
What are ways to thicken an overly watery pancake batter without adding more flour?
Do dried beans need to be soaked if they are going to be cooked in a slow cooker?
How long do you boil scallops?
How do I cook chicken in a pot?
How long do you barbecue chicken for?
Why are my mashed potatoes watery?
How do I cook minute rice under a minute?
How do you cook frozen hash brown patties in a frying pan?
What happens if you only let pizza dough rise once?
How do you grill salmon without it sticking to the grill?
How can I cook dried noodles with just hot water?
What type of dishes can you turn off the appliance and finish cooking by the residual heat to conserve energy?
How exactly do you use pesto?
Why is onion sweet when cooked in a large amount?
Can you cook pizza on aluminum foil?
What happens if you cook a pizza while leaving the cardboard on the bottom?
What did you cook today?
How do I make a delicious dessert without using the oven?
How do I make boxed stuffing taste better?
How do I cook a young turkey breast?
Is a scone supposed to be moist or more on the dry side?
What can we cook with salted butter?
Is searing meat before cooking worth the extra effort?
What's a surefire way to reheat steak the following day?
How long does it take to bake a pork shoulder?
What is the best way to cook frozen dumplings?
Is the time spent cooking worth it?
How do I cook a pot roast fast?
How do I make stuffed green bell peppers?
How do I cook jalapenos on the stove?
I am bored of cooking an omelette. Is there any other recipe from egg ingredients that I can cook besides omelet?
What causes the center of a cake to fall through after it’s been cooked in the oven?
How do I bake chicken in an oven?
How long does it take to pressure cook navy beans?
How long does it take to reheat pasta in an oven?
What is the best way to reheat prawns without making them hard or chewy?
How long do you cook a beef roast at 350 degrees?
What is your favorite recipe for canned green beans?
How do I cook pre-cooked turkey legs?
Can you deep fry a whole raw potato?
How do I bake a thick pork chop?
At what temperature should you deep fry hash browns?
Why does the ribbon stage in baking matter?
What is the optimal way to remove salt from cooked meat?
What is the difference between the flour batter and sugar batter methods for mixing a cake?
How do I cook a beef roast without drying it out?
How do I reduce the eggs from over-burnt at the sides in a wok?
Is there an efficient and cheap way to remove burnt stuff from the bottom of a pot?
How do I keep fresh pasta from sticking?
Is there an optimum (or minimum) thickness for a steak when cooking on a BBQ?
How long do you cook mustard greens?
What can you do with the left over skins from pelled potatoes and sweet potatoes? How would you store them?
What herbs, spices, and cheeses do you recommend to keep around to cook Italian food?
Do you need to cook the white tofu you buy in stores before using it?
Can you use a vegetable steamer to cook rice?
How can I make my own cereal?
How can I make good pan crust pizza at home?
What can an inexperienced cook make as an entree for large numbers of people?
Which raw beans and raw grains cook the fastest?
Why won't bread crumbs keep on with my onion rings? When I blend my rings with the crumbs I put it on the pan, but once there, the crumb seems to disappear leaving only the white onion layer.
How long does it take to deep fry pizza rolls?
Why does a vegetable cook quicker in water than in a sauce?
What is the best way to cook flank steak?
Is it okay to use dried herbs when recipes call for fresh?
Can you cook a steak in a smoker? How does it compare to grilling, broiling, and pan-searing?
Why does pizza dough become crumbly?
How do I reheat chicken in the oven?
What’s an ingredient that you’re still hesitant to cook with?
How do I cook a thin top round steak?
Is getting a thick cut of meat (1.5 inches+) to room temperature before cooking really that important when you're reverse searing?
How many times should you flip a steak when cooking?
What is the fastest way to cook a meat salad?
What seasonings pair well with garlic?
When making potato salad, do you peel and chunk the potatoes first, or boil them while, peel, and chunk them after they are cooked?
How long do you cook a duck?
My cake is stuck to the pan; what should I do now?
What are some amazing tricks to use when grilling fresh fruits?
How do you like to cook your filet mignon?
How long do you boil something to remove salt?
How do I prevent smoke when cooking in a pan with oil?
My brother watches too many cooking contests and has challenged me - my best dish against his. What are some recommended winning dishes for an intermediate cook?
How do you keep queso dip warm without scorching it?
How does garlic react in different cooking situations?
How do I make stuffed bell peppers without tomato sauce?
What is the best way to rescue an over cooked, tough beef roast?
How long should rice be soaked in water before cooking?
How can I keep peeled potatoes from turning brown before it's time to cook them?
I heard that French fries should be cooked twice to make them crispy, how do I do that?
How can I master using a knife for cooking without taking a course?
How do I cook goguma in the oven?
How do I cook chicken in a Dutch oven?
How long should you cook frozen hash browns in a deep fryer?
How do you guys handle steaks that have been cut too thin (1”)?
How do you make an omelet taste better?
Does the inside of a lid used to cook rice or steam vegetables have anything besides water on it?
Can you salt a steak for 2 days?
What is the easiest way to find the end of a cling wrap roll?
How do you cook a frozen seafood salad?
What is a good method or product for pouring oil on your meal evenly?
How do you fix an undercooked steak?
If a dish is too spicy, how can I neutralize the hot spice?
How do I season collard greens without meat?
Does anyone actually have a chef to cook for them in their home?
How long does it take to cook a meatball in an oven?
How much water do I add to a cup of white rice in a rice cooker?
How do I cook a sirloin tri-tip steak?
What type of food should you never make in a slow cooker?
What is the best way to prevent fish from sticking to the pan?
What is the best way to cook ribeye steak?
What's your secret recipe for making popcorn at home?
How long do you soak red beans?
Is prepared brown rice supposed to be harder than white rice? No matter how much water I add it doesn't turn out as tender.
How do I cook the perfect hot dog?
How can I tell if pasta is overcooked?
How long does it take to cook a 2.6 pound roast?
Why do some recipes call for a specific variety of rice?
Which is the best kitchen appliance and why?
