What's the cheapest most filling food in your country?
How do you tenderize tough pulled pork?
Why don't they sell bacon as thick as steaks and steaks as thin as bacon?
Can an enamel-coated steel pot go in the oven?
Can you sue someone for using your recipe?
How do you roast vegetables without drying them out?
How do you grill vegetables without skewers?
How is chicken cooked sous vide at 149 degrees for two hours safe when poultry needs to be cooked to 165?
Who can help me cook fresh meat on fire?
What are the pros and cons of duck fat?
What is the best way to remove leaves from thyme?
Why are my pancakes gooey inside?
What is the best way to remove the shell from a boiled egg?
How do you fix too much milk in mac and cheese?
Except cheese pizza, what is the easiest pizza to make at home?
What is the best way to cook beef brisket?
No matter what I try, I can’t get my white gravy right. It’s always too heavy and liquid, or sometimes even pasty. How do I get it "fluffy" like how it is at restaurants?
How do you cook Spam in a frying pan?
How do you prevent mozzarella sticks from bursting open in an air fryer?
How do I cook cabbage in a pot?
How long does it take to cook frozen taquitos in an air fryer?
Is it cheaper to run a gas stove versus an electric stove?
Why do chefs finish their dishes with olive oil?
What is the best way to cook a ribeye steak in a cast iron skillet?
Do the Russians eat/make sauerkraut?
How do I cook beef cubes on a stove?
I can't seem to cook the steak right. The outside looks really well seared with good brown color but inside is usually fairly raw, so what could I be doing wrong? I can eat it, but I'd like it medium.
What's a food item or dish that gets unnecessary hate?
How do you fix undercooked potatoes?
How do I make chicken and shrimp gumbo?
How do I cook tender roast beef?
What is the fastest way to hard boil eggs?
My two most used small kitchen utensils is a set of measuring spoons and a vegetable peeler. What are your most used items?
Can I use stainless steel for a pan pizza?
Is there a type of cheesy chicken enchilada that doesn’t have red sauce in general?
Can you use beef steak ingredient for chicken steak?
Why is it that a woman can't be married until and unless she knows cooking? Why can't she learn to cook after marriage?
Is Crocodile or Alligator meat very tasty? What does it taste like? How commonly eaten and how expensive to order at a restaurant? How compared to snake meat? Does it make you sick?
What is the best type of rice for curry?
Is there a problem in putting an oven over the microwave oven?
How do you plan a romantic meal for your girlfriend?
Can beef marinate in lemon juice longer than two hours?
Why is garlic not used in traditional Italian cooking?
Which is healthier, chicken sausage or turkey sausage?
How much taco meat is needed for 100 people?
Why do celeberties like Gordon Ramsay ignore African cuisine and culture? They go all around the world but can’t give attention to countries like Nigeria or Ethiopia. So I was wondering why celeberty chefs don’t give African cuisine enough attention?
What should I always remember when baking?
Can you add fresh vegetables to canned soup?
You have a $700 Wagyu steak coming to you. How do you want it cooked?
How do you activate Mexican jumping beans?
Should I get sprouts or lettuce on my sandwich?
How long do you cook a 3-pound roast at 350?
How many people does 1 cup of raw rice serve?
What's a good sour cream banana bread recipe?
When should I ice cinnamon rolls if they’ll be served a day after baking?
How do I steam salmon without a steamer?
How often should the oil in a home fryer be changed?
If water and butter do not mix together (as oils are hydrophobic), then why are water and fats very well mixed in an ice cream?
Do Asian cultures use short, medium, or long grain rice as a side dish?
What's the best way to cook an ox heart?
How could you roast eggplants without having a grill?
Why do chefs taste everything that comes out of their kitchen before being sent out?
Are potatoes used in Chinese cooking?
Why does canned soup have to be low in sodium?
Can eating instant noodles mixed with eggs and vegetables reduce the bad effects of instant noodles?
What is the secret to good fried chicken?
Are glazed clay pots dangerous?
Can you use water instead of milk for macaroni and cheese?
I accidentally put my retainers in the microwave with my food. Is it going to be okay? I can still wear them but it tastes so bad.
Why do supermarket tomatoes have no flavor?
How do I cook a wolf in Seattle, WA?
There is a warning on the back of some seaweed I bought saying it can expose you to cadmium and lead. Is this something I should be worried about?
What are the main ingredients on a vegetarian pizza?
What type of oil do you use to make french fries?
Do you prefer to make your own pizza or buy it from a pizzeria? Why or why not?
Does putting some butter in rice while you boil it in a pot make it taste better or help it cook better?
What is the white stuff on my burger bun?
Should one use a lot of water or not when cooking pasta? And how do you keep pasta warm if you should throw cold water over pasta after having it cooked?
Can you cook frozen hamburgers in an air fryer?
How do I make ice cubes if my tray looks like it makes eggs?
Which dish do you eat the most in a month?
How long does it take to deep fry pizza rolls?
My dad says to never order a steak cooked less than medium-well from a restaurant. How safe is it to order a medium-cooked steak from a restaurant? Will it have a disgusting taste/texture if I do?
What cooked Asian foods are low/don’t have added oils/fat?
How long does it take to bake a pizza at 400 degrees?
How do I keep an egg yolk in the middle when boiled?
Can I put a cardboard pizza box in the oven?
What is the key ingredient of most fast food?
What is the most ideal meal of the day?
What are your go-to staples that you make when you don't want to expend a lot of effort?
How long does it take to cook a burger in a panini press?
What can you use to bind burgers instead of eggs?
What is the best cut of chicken for fried chicken?
Should you cover beef with foil when roasting?
How do I steam milk in the microwave?
How do I sub maple syrup for sugar?
How do private/growth equity funds source deals?
Should you freeze your juiced lemon peels?
What are side dishes that go well with Alfredo chicken pasta?
"How hungry" will pro chefs allow themselves to be prior to going to work?
I'm interested in baking earrings. However, in all of the videos, they use oven to shrink the plastic. Is there any alternative besides an oven?
Is it safe to marinate chicken and vegetables that have already been assembled on wooden skewers?
Can you put a microwave oven on the counter?
What does white miso taste like?
What's the last meal I should I cook for my husband, I'm getting married?
Do room-temperature eggs and milk make pancakes fluffier?
What is the best oil to use for fried chicken?
Is there a book, blog, or something that talks about the fundamentals of cooking?
Do instant noodles make you fat?
Why is it that when I add a scoop of protein powder to my pancake mix the pancakes are hard and chalky, not fluffy anymore? Is there anything I can add to counteract this?
What cannot be cooked in a steam oven?
If I wanted to start a YouTube cooking channel for fun, can I cook recipes that already exist (like in cookbooks) to "review" them?
Can I eat and cook spoiled spaghetti?
What's crunchy on the outside, and soft and delicious on the inside?
Who uses Beyond Meat?
Would soaking steak or shrimp in orange juice the night before grilling it add a lot of extra taste to it?
Can you marinate meat in aluminum foil?
How do I make my own zesty Italian dressing?
Which cuts of lamb and beef are the least 'gamey' tasting?
How good is chicken in the fridge?
What kind of chicken is used for chicken wings?
Why can I never get my homemade Chinese food to be as good as the food from the restaurants? Is there a secret method or ingredient that I’m missing?
How can I get rid of food without my family knowing? I love my mother but shes a god awful cook and I genuinely can not continue eating what she cooks, and I dont want to make her feel bad for denying what she cooks
What’s not to like about Pop-Tarts?
Are tubs of peeled garlic as good as heads?
How come people cook fish with the head attached?
Can I marinate pre-assembled skewers on the stick?
How do I puree soup without a blender?
What food can be used for a main dish?
Is it okay to cook rice in a pot with still some rice residues, and do I need to clean the pot to remove the rice residues every time I cook new rice?
Why is cast-iron cookware better than non-stick?
What can you do with spreadable butter?
How should fresh pasta noodles taste like?
Why do baby carrots have no flavor?
What kind of fish are popular in Italy, and which fish should be used in authentic Italian cooking?
Who eats rice with bananas?
Are any kitchen brands worth their money, like Scanpan, Kitchenaid, and Anolon?
What are some pictures of your cooked food?
Is it okay to add cheese to scrambled eggs?
Why do some recipes call for eggs at room temperature?
What was cooking in the pot on the stove at the starting of the Blade Runner 2049 movie?
Is it worth getting canned whole tomatoes to then immersion blend them?
Using gas laws, except P · V = n · R · T, how can I find out the pressure at which the valve of a pressure cooker will open and the temperature at which it will close?
What are some of the common Russian cuisines / dishes?
What makes Brioche buns taste the way they do?
A question for married couples: Who does the cooking the most? Is it the wife or the husband? Also does the wife work on a full time basis?
What is the difference between a cake donut and a regular donut?
Is the time spent cooking worth it?
What is the best container to use in a microwave?
Does it matter if you use room-temperature eggs or cold eggs for baking?
How do you fix overcooked pulled pork?
Which meats should be marinated before they are grilled?
Does putting bread in your mouth while cutting onions stop you from crying?
Should I take out the bone in chicken before giving it to my dogs? It’s baked plain chicken that I made in the oven.
What's the difference between puree and sauce?
How long is a thawed chicken good for in the fridge before cooking it?
If chicken-fried steak is a thing, why isn't there steak-grilled chicken?
How long does it take to cook fish in a microwave?
What 12 foods should I eat every day?
What is the best way to cook canned corn beef hash?
How do I know the state of black garlic?
Why are chefs usually nonsmokers?
Where does the oil that you put on salad come from?
Are black pudding and haggis the same thing?
How long does it take to cook chicken breast at 400?
How long does food poisoning last? All I had was cream cheese and a salmon on toast . What can I take to make it go away? No access to a doctor right now. Which is better to take gravel or kaopectate medicine? What to do?
Why does soaking meat in buttermilk make it tender?
How would you describe a person who is good at cooking?
Can you kill mold by simply cooking it?
How do I make ham salad for sandwiches?
Where can I buy cheap Wagyu beef in Singapore?
Which bread do you personally use for making grilled cheese?
How long does it take to roast a small chicken?
What should I look for in a meat slicer?
Do you consider the steak pictured here burnt?
How does rice fix a wet phone?
Will my ice cream maker stop on its own?
Can I eat liquid cannabutter instead of solidifying it? I just made cannabutter but made without adding water. Can I just add it straight from the strainer to my recipes or do I absolutely have to wait for it to solidify overnight.
If you were turning meat into a daube, what would you be doing with it?
Does cooking vegetables change their nutritional value?
What can you use instead of flour to thicken a soup?
How do you make tortilla chips?
Why is it necessary to rinse pasta after cooking?
Is cooking considered less of an art than visual arts or music?
Some of the most successful, well-known chefs started off mastering French cuisine. Why is it so foundational and constantly being elevated more so (it seems) than most other cuisine?
Is the Mediterranean sumac/za'atar the same as the Staghorn sumac found here in the states?
What dish did you make the most in 2020?
How do you clean and cook asparagus?
What does baby beef liver taste like?
Why is Korean fried chicken extra crispy?
Why is "cook for yourself" advice when the child is picky with the mother's food when the child isn't going to eat what's prepared by the mother anyway?
Is there a dish that requires months or years before it's ready to eat?
Why do you soak onions in water before frying?
How do you make pork soft?
How can you tell if a cast iron pan has been seasoned?
How long can I keep KFC's chicken before getting rotten?
What other cheese can I use in my recipe calls for Swiss and I don't have Swiss?
What is the best rice to use to prepare Chinese fried rice?
What is a good way to sweeten marinara sauce without sugar?
Does vegetarian Haggis taste like real haggis?
Is it true that a Teflon non-stick pan has a better overall taste and flavor to it when cooking steak meat than a cast iron pan which possesses a more metal taste?
Dan is making chimchurri for an appetizer, but the recipe asks for 2.5 milliliters of black pepper. If Dan is measuring out milliliters in teaspoons, how many teaspoons of black pepper will he need for his recipe?
Are Funyuns a potato chip?
How do I make an egg salad with mayonnaise?
I’ve heard that American women don’t cook. Is it true?
Why would a person need a rice cooker when rice can easily be cooked in a pot on the stove?
Do you cook after work?
Can recipes be legally protected from being copied?
What is the food that loses the most quality after being cooked, then put in the fridge for 24 hours?
What does an egg do to cake batter?
How does one prepare "beans on toast", as in Tim Roth's favorite meal in the television series Lie To Me? Is this standard British cuisine I've never heard of or did they make it up for the show in an effort to portray his earthy nature?
Is there any food an air fryer can’t cook?
How do I make veggie burgers stick together?
When making fresh pasta, do I salt the water or the pasta itself?
Why does Bolognese Ragu pair and stick well with fresh egg pasta?
What are Korean pancakes called?
How do I make a sugar scrub at home?
What Cambodian recipes have been lost or largely forgotten due to the civil war and the Khmer Rouge period?
Which country is Borscht a traditional dish from?
My husband has hired a chef for him and never eats food cooked by me. Should I accept this? What should I do?
How do you microwave pizza but get crispy and not floppy?
How do you cook vegetables in an earthen pot?
How can I remove starch from pre-shredded cheese?
Does a burger cook better on a grill than a stove top?
How long do you cook a calzone?
Does refrigerated cookie dough make a better cookie?
When I buy popcorn, I can't save it for later. How do I overcome this obstacle?
Is it wrong to ask a vegetarian to cook meat for you?
How will you compliment someone for the best cooking?
How long is "overnight" for proving dough/sponge?
How long does it take to whip heavy whipping cream?
How can you overcome a year’s worth of cooking burnout in your life after a lockdown?
How do you like to cook a turkey in the oven?
What is the point of a barbecue without barbecue sauce?
How do I fry French fries at home?
Are there food scientists, chefs or taste “purists” who don’t accept umami as one of the five basic tastes? What are their reasonings for why they don't believe it’s a distinct taste?
How do I make honey roasted turkey like they do at Whole Foods? I’m trying to imitate the thinly sliced sandwich meat you can find at a store.
Can I fry a funnel cake in oil I fried chicken in?
When should I add wine to minced meat sauce?
After I cook chicken in a non-seasoned wok and saw what looks to me like rust all around it, is it safe to eat that chicken?
Are the steaks in my freezer which I bought fresh and froze over a year ago still good to thaw out, cook, and eat?
What are some grilling tools that everyone should have?
How can I make a Jiffy cornbread mix more moist?
What foods are cheaper to make at home than to buy already made?
Is an air fryer worth buying?
What do Spanish people typically eat for dinner. What does a typical Spanish dinner table look like? What sort of dishes are very typical in a Spanish household? Please provide also some pictures.
What happens if you cook with an unseasoned cast iron pan?
Can you add cheese to broccoli and cheddar soup?
How do I cook pasta without a pot?
What fried chicken franchise do you prefer to eat?
How do I accept that my partner wants me to look after housework and cooking (just because I'm a woman) when I also have a demanding job?
How can I teach my girlfriend how to cook food for her boyfriend?
What are some advantages of preparing foods from scratch?
When did slicing bread start to become more common than breaking bread? Was this a change that occurred prior to bread slicing machines or only after?
How do people not cook?
What made you learn to cook?
Is it possible and realistic to have only one standardized way of cooking a particular dish?
Can you cook a steak in a smoker? How does it compare to grilling, broiling, and pan-searing?
How much water is added for 1 kg of rice?
Why are there no high-end Chinese dishes?
What can you do to start liking tomatoes?
Which condition would cause you to reject a shipment of fresh chicken?
Do they have Pillsbury instant pizza in the US like they have in my country? They are very delicious and can be cooked alone at home.
If you went to cooking and your teacher was Gordon Ramsay, what would he say when he saw how you cook?
What is the mirepoix of French cooking?
Is Wagyu good?
Why do chefs often put a wooden spoon across a pot of boiling water?
How do I cook on a cast iron griddle?
What do you call foods cooked in a frying pan?
Is cooking shirtless a bad idea? I accidentally touched my tummy with a hot frying pan and burned the skin slightly.
Guy is making Bananas Foster for dessert. The recipe calls for one quart of ice cream. How many cups of ice cream is Guy going to get from one quart of ice cream?
Is Bovril the same as Vegemite?
Does Europe BBQ brisket?
Are electric food steamers good?
How can I make a filet mignon so tender it cuts with a fork? The first one I ever had was like that and none since.
Which to choose: a thick juicy steak with fat fries, or a fat sizzling hamburger with onions and all the toppings, accompanied by slim-sliced fried potatoes? Which would you prefer, and why? Analyze. Assess. Elaborate.
Do you need to change the fuse on a microwave oven?
Can you deep fry a cake?
Where can I buy a gold leaf for baking in NYC?
What are some dishes that were popular in the '60s that no one serves anymore?
Can you make oatmeal with just hot water?
At a dinner party, how can you politely tell the host their cooking isn’t nice?
I can't bake and I'm tired of it. What do I do?
How do I boil an egg without its shell getting cracked during boiling?
Is cooking also a kind of science?
Is it safe to cook in clay pots?
Can a microwave be installed above a stove?
How is cubed steak made? Why?
Why isn't homemade pizza as good as a pizza joint one?
How can I introduce eggs to my diet? I have detested eggs since birth. I don't like the flavor or texture, but they are very healthy. I have tried slightly burning them when I cook them to get rid of the texture issue, but it wasn't enough.
Are egg noodles an acceptable substitute for tagliatelle or papparedelle?
Is pancake batter the same as funnel cake batter?
How many burgers can you get out of a pound of meat?
Can pastry cream be more than just vanilla?
Can gluten develop without kneading?
Which type of turkey is best for cooking?
How do I cook a turkey without an oven?
How do I get Gordon Ramsay to taste my food?
Are there actually bad foods, or is it all just bad cooks?
Which type of pizza would best represent each of the four seasons?
What can you do with an old rice cooker?
Why did Tyson recall 8 million pounds of chicken?
In an upscale restaurant if you were eating pork or lamb chops, could you use your hands to eat all the yummy meat off the bone?
How do you impress a chef?
Why has oxtail become so expensive and such a desired cut of meat?
Would it be easier to grate a potato if I froze it a bit?
How many days can chicken be cooked in the fridge?
As someone who lives with your family, do you let your family decide the food that you are going to eat, or do you decide for your own food? Is it bad to tell my parent that I prefer another food instead of what they are cooking?
Does it upset you if you are trying to cook in the kitchen and people keep coming in to your space while you’re trying to cook?
What do you cook when your grandchildren visit you?
What should I look for when buying a rice cooker?
How do you grind herbs without a grinder?
Should we remove scales off of salmon before cooking?
How many 1/8 cups does it take to make a cup?
How do you know when an eggplant is done baking?
How do Chinese restaurants get their beef to be so tender? Like beef in black bean sauce or Mongolian beef etc. It almost falls apart in the mouth.
What liquid can you add to pulled pork?
If humans aren’t designed to eat meat because we have to cook it, why do we cook anything?
When you wash rice before cooking it, why does the water turn white?
How do I cut beef for stir fry?
Why do you add water to canned soup?
What is a submarine sandwich?
Why does American pizza (Chicago style deep dish, New York, etc.) taste so much better than the original Italian pizza?
Can you put paper towels in an air fryer?
Is brass cookware good for cooking?
How many times should you flip a steak when cooking?
Why is it every time I make doughnuts they go all starchy hard instead of being light and fluffy like they’re supposed to be?
Is butter okay to reseason old cast iron skillets?
How much lye do I use in making homemade soap?
What do butchers/chefs do with the trimmings off of aged high-end beef meats?
What is the most difficult vegetable to extract oil from?
What is a Futomaki roll?
When it comes to English culinary cuisine, I believe Shepherd's Pie to be the top of the menu. Can you change my mind?
What is the secret of making sandwiches that appeal to kids?
What fresh herbs do you recommend having on hand?
When a recipe calls for partial ingredients, such as only the egg yolk, what are you supposed to do with the rest?
Does meat or chicken lose any of its nutrients when ground up?
What could go well to add a crunch to rice for lunch?
Can you make beaver tails in an air fryer?
What is the correct method of cooking rice, boil and drain or boil with just the right amount of water to cook to finish?
What is the best technique to ensure pan-fried sandwiches (e.g. a reuben) does not fall apart when you flip it?
Who has a recipe that everyone says is the best they’ve ever tasted and will list it?
What is the best summer recipe, make fruit salad or vegetable salad?
What happens if you stir rice while cooking?
What are fried dumplings called?
Is cooking oatmeal with milk healthy?
What are some dishes that are impossible to make without a commercial kitchen?
Are ceramic knives more dangerous to use and sharpen than steel blade knives?
How do good restaurants offer a wide assortment of dishes in a fairly short span of time for preparation? It takes me about an hour just to prepare one dish, e.g., pad thai or beef stroganoff.
Why doesn't sugar melt in the oven?
We moved and now my stove and oven heat up slower. What might cause that?
How did the colonists cook pumpkin pie?
How does plating affect the presentation of a dish?
Would cooking tomatoes separately from other ingredients make a difference in a tomato-sauce dish?
Can you freeze homemade pizza dough, and does it affect its quality?
Would it be wise to fillet my prized koi for dinner?
Can you freeze homemade potato pancakes?
Why would a person order a well done steak?
Can you overdose on Tabasco?
How do I tell my mom that I tell her “fresh out the oven” when we order pizza?
Where can you buy flat hot dogs (the kind that fit on a hamburger bun and hold more condiments)?
What can I put behind my grill to prevent my house siding from getting hot?
What internal temperature should a steak be cooked to?
What is the best way to bake frozen Apple pies?
Borracho ("drunken," pinto) beans are mainly a Tex-Mex dish, but would it be acceptable to bring them to a 4th of July BBQ (in lieu of traditional baked beans)?
What brands of pickles are fermented?
What's a good substitute for ENO fruit salt?
What is beef bullion compared to beef broth or stock?
Do ribs get more tender the longer they cook?
What is wagon wheel pasta called?
How do I layer a mason jar salad?
What is the highest quality Wusthof knife?
Why do we need to cook chicken all the way through but not duck?
Which bird is a common dish in France?
Is homemade vanilla better with vodka or bourbon?
How rare can you eat a steak?
What ingredients are normally used to thicken teriyaki sauce?
Have you ever used a wrong ingredient while cooking that turned into a disaster?
What kind of meat is in meat tortellini?
If you had to pick just one typical dish from your country, to make somebody appreciate and understand your country's kitchen at its best, what would you pick and why? Assuming they have never tried anything from your country before.
Does the brand of flour matter in baking?
What is the name of a person whose duty is to bake a cake?
How do I use egg white on my face?
Who is the most entertaining TV chef, living or dead?
Why does sweet corn turn brown when it's boiled?
What is the most overrated and over-praised food in Japan?
Can you completely cook raw meat in the microwave?
What should kids bake when bored?
How do I cut a wheel of cheese?
Who is the best ramen chef in the world?
When is it okay to use minced garlic instead of fresh?
What are the benefits of cooking from scratch?
Why would the stove and broiler work, but not the oven?
Which is better, a bamboo or a wood cutting board?
What is curdled cake batter?
Should you let steam escape when cooking rice?
Is it true that butter doesn't need to be refrigerated?
Are people as careful with cooking their food outdoors as they are indoors?
Do you rinse (or otherwise get rid of) the "slime" that forms around thawed chicken?
How do you cook rice without overcooking it?
What can I cook for a friend who makes great meals but I am a Chef?
What do you eat during an Italian barbecue?
How do you assemble a perfect pizza?
What makes olive wagyu so rare?
How do I do my best job at being a line worker?
Does cream cheese frosting go well with pineapple cake?
How do I make pinto beans taste good?
How long do you steam shrimp in a steamer?
Are Traeger smoker grills worth the hype or do other grills/electric smokers work just as well?
What are some mind-blowing facts about cooking?
How do I make a banana puree for a baby?
How do you make a weekend main dish with leftover last during the weekdays?
Is there any specific way to thaw fish, specifically tuna steak?
How do you get the fishy taste out of salmon?
How do you sweat an eggplant before cooking?
How do I bake a 10-pound turkey?
Paula is making French Toast Casserole for her family's breakfast. She needs eight whole large eggs for the recipe. If she were converting the eggs into tablespoons, eight eggs would be equivalent to how many tablespoons?
What do you eat with kimchi pancakes?
How do I microwave potatoes for a potato salad?
Why is rice so hard to cook right?
Do Thai chilies get weird if you freeze them whole?
Could lard ever become a popular cooking ingredient again?
What's the problem with butter in Canada?
In his first course on recipes, our culinary student learned there were five basic flavors. Four of them (sweet, sour, salty and bitter) have been recognized for centuries. The fifth one was scientifically identified in the 20th century. What is it?
Once cooked how long can sausages stay out?
I put charcoal in mutton 😮 what happened?
What are good recipe ideas from eggplant, beets, green onions, and all my garden stuff?
What does egg wash do to dough?
What is the best way to cook ribeye steak?
How many efforts will be wasted in becoming a good cook?
What type of meal looks horrible when severed, but tastes great?
How do I thicken pesto sauce?
What unconventional food combinations do you enjoy?
How do I use oyster sauce with shrimp?
What's a dish you invented, thinking there's no way it wouldn't taste great, that ended up being a disaster?
What is worse, pineapple on pizza or mayonnaise on pizza?
Which type of kitchen knife is safer to use, dull or sharp?
Do you think Australia has its own cuisine?
What are some recipes that are warm and cozy for cold weather that are not soup and curries?
Are leftovers ever good for longer than three days in the refrigerator?
When should your last meal be?
Is hunger truly the best sauce?
What temperature should you cook a pot roast to so the meat falls apart?
What is the most favorite type of bread in the world?
French baguettes are delicious when fresh but by the next day they are stale. The only use I can think if is making croutons. What else can you do with a stale baguette?
Why don’t we boil pasta in a pan?
Do restaurateurs generally cook everything on the menu for the coming day? If not, how do they manage to cook some things that require substantial cooking time?
How do airlines that operate ultra long flights keep food for the second or third meal (especially breakfast; fruit, eggs etc) fresh after so many hours considering they don’t cook things onboard?
How much is a pound of ham?
How expensive is olive wagyu?
What is the biggest mistake people make that can prevent them from cooking correctly?
What is the best Chinese pastry (pineapple bun, egg tart, etc.)?
What is typical Russian food besides borscht, black bread, and vodka?
What oils should you not cook with?
How many cans of tuna can be made from a freshly caught bluefin tuna from the sea?
What goes best with fried chicken?
What are some "must cook" recipes for new chefs?
How do you get rid of earthy taste in food?
Why do so many pizza places not offer green olives as a topping?
How do I know if plastic is microwave safe?
Should you remove the bone from steak before cooking?
How much does a single grain of rice weigh?
Is hot pot healthy for kids?
What are some five interesting culinary treats?
How do you cook an eggplant without it getting soggy?
16kg of chickens needs 48l of water to be cooked .how many kg of chicken can be cooked with 135l of water?
How do I cook fresh beets and greens?
What are sauces made out of?
What is the brown layer on salmon between meat and skin?
How do I make simple icing for a cake?
Can you bake a bundt cake in a 9x13 pan?
Does scampi sauce have wine?
What happens if you don't chill pie crust?
Why is it so difficult to get a restaurant to serve a steak blue?
What goes with deep fried chicken?
In Mexican cooking why is it that some people boil their salsa ingredients and some roast them? Is it preference? Is there a huge flavor difference? And as a person who's only roasted my salsa should I try it boiled?
How much protein is there in 100g cooked chicken breasts?
Who can help me cook meat?
Why do induction cookers not have the temperature range 80°C to 110°C (176°F-230°F)?
What is a plant-based doughnut? What are some? How is it made? Why?
If you put a raw egg (in the shell) in an air fryer, will it explode like it does in a microwave?
Do I need to scale salmon before cooking?
How come you can no longer buy a real HAM with fat and a hambone? All they want to sell you now is fake ham, ground up, mixed with water & chemicals and pressed into a brick.
How long do you let charcoal burn before cooking?
How do I make boxed stuffing taste better?
As a non-Italian, what is the best dish you have tasted in Italy?
Why do some people put a raw egg in mashed potatoes?
How long does aubergine take to roast?
Do they make eggplant parmesan in Italy?
Has pizza always been sliced?
Do you eat popcorn with ketchup or any sauce except butter?
Is pork belly healthier than bacon?
What would life be like in a universe where instead of burying / cremating etc. the deceased, people close to them cooked and served their meat in order to honor their soul, like it was a "parting gift" to give away their body to be used as food?
Is lasagna healthy?
What are some cheap body building foods?
Why is all food undercooked?
How do you make instant noodles feel like an elite meal?
Why can't we describe what food tastes like? For example can you describe me what pizza tastes like? Without referring to other dishes
What is the best way to cook skinless chicken thighs?
Why are dishes made in restaurants generally considered unhealthy due to dishes being overly salty or sweet?
When making potato salad, do you peel and chunk the potatoes first, or boil them while, peel, and chunk them after they are cooked?
How much weight can an egg hold without cracking?
How do I make fluffy icing for cupcakes?
Can a thin crust pizza lover and a pan-crust pizza lover make it as a couple?
What’s the best way to use garlic scapes?
You are cooking with a recipe that called for 1/4 pound of butter. How many teaspoons of butter do you add?
Why should we be respectful to our mother, sister, wife, or whoever is cooking for you in this melting hot weather?
What tastes like garlic but isn't garlic?
I have 0 cooking skills, what are good recipes to start learning (good meaning nutritious, doesn't take awfully long, etc.)?
Why are lobsters boiled alive? Does the meat not cook right or something if you were to drive a spike through their brain or something? It doesn’t seem to be a pressing issue for animal rights groups… is it for lack of nervous system?
How do you know if prosciutto is off? I just tried it for the first time. I saute`ed it in a pan with tomatoes. Is it supposed to smell and taste off, kind of rotten? Is that the curing or am I going to be throwing up soon?
Do you add cheese on your omelette?
How do you keep dough from sticking without flour?
How many cups and how long should you cook white rice for?
Why does Burger King’s beef taste different from McDonald's?
What are the best deal management systems for private equity and venture capital firms to identify potential companies and manage the deal process internally?
You got a job in a pizza joint and your goal is to make the most VILE pizza. What do you put on it?
Do air fried chicken and French fries taste as good as deep fried chicken and French fries?
For someone who finds buttercream too sweet, what are some other frosting choices for cakes?
What is a cake batter?
What do professional chefs think of Gordon Ramsay’s cooking skills? Would they say he’s one of the best chefs in the world?
What celebrity chef have you met that rubbed you the wrong way?
Is it possible to untoast a piece of bread?
Can you save a dish if you used baking powder instead of baking soda?
I used soap on my cast iron skillet. How do I fix whatever's wrong with it?
Is it worth it to buy more expensive eggs?
How many chicken wings are 3 oz?
What else (besides bread cubes and tiny potatoes) goes good in a cheese fondue?
Can bleached flour and unbleached flour be used interchangeably in recipes?
What can you grill besides burgers and hot dogs?
Do all professional chefs know that trick where they crack two eggs at once, in one hand?
How do you keep the crust of a frozen pizza from burning?
Should a rich person kick you out of his mansion for not eating his mashed potatoes?
For years my wife has been making dinner for me but I came home last night and out of the blue she said I had to make my own dinner. I asked her why and she just told me she's tired of cooking for me. What should I say?
Does carbonara pair with squid ink pasta?
How can I reduce the saltiness of soy sauce?
What should you eat when you're tired of cooking?
Why are the watery parts of raw chicken eggs often referred to as "egg whites" despite being mostly transparent or, failing that, only slightly opaque?
How many calories are in 100 g of cooked rice?
What do I do when my husband is angry with me and not eating my cooked food?
How can you stop forgetting to leave food unattended on the stove while preparing it?
Our budding chef's biggest challenge in culinary school was maintaining his "brigade." What's that?
If you had to choose which food not to eat anymore, what would you choose: pizza or pasta?
Are chefs allowed to have tattoos?
If a food has a strong smell and taste, if anything at all, what can that tell you about whether or not you should be eating it?
Is it possible to mute the keypad tone on a microwave oven?
My drinking water is very clean. Is it okay if I boil it in the kettle more than once?
What is a wheat substitute, besides milk?
Do you like your eggs cooked or fried? Who usually makes it for you?
How do you keep pizza dough from sticking to the pan?
What food is Kumamoto known for?
Is it possible to fry eggs the same way you fry fries or fried chicken?
What is in a kani tempura roll?
What is a quick recipe for a vegetarian pasta that doesn't contain cheese?
How do you make carrot and lentil soup?
How do I keep fresh pasta from sticking?
What are the ingredients for no-bake cookies?
Can I add milk instead of water to pancake mix?
Why is the yolk in most store bought eggs so much lighter yellow than the yolk found in farmed raised free range chicken eggs?
What's the best way to cook gnocchi?
Does blanching greens remove nutrients?
If a cook and a baker had to become chemists, who would have an easier time?
How can I make a homemade strudel?
What are your best dinner recipes?
What are some good heat resistant bags for cooking?
Aside from onions, what kind of food will make you cry?
Does it matter if you use brown sugar or white sugar in cookies?
Would searing or sautéing the aromatics first make a vegetable soup taste too strong, overdone?
How do you store potatoes and onions for a long time?
Is it safe to use butane or culinary torch on food?
Is homemade soup healthier than canned?
What are the best food mixes in order to produce the most farts?
Why does reheated Pizza taste better?
How often does icing the kicker work?
Why does cake icing taste so bad?
Why do chefs say that putting pasta water in the pasta sauce is a must? What does that exactly do?
When cooking breakfast, what do you cook first?
How do you start making food from scratch?
What type of cake is made without additional fat?
Is it good to eat noodles at night?
What will happen if I eat five pounds of uncooked rice and chug a gallon of boiling water?
Does olive oil go rancid when cooked?
What is the benefit of cooking on high heat?
What cooking ingredient for a recipe did you always skimp on until you tried the higher quality, and now you will never settle without?
Is it safe to eat steak rare or medium rare?
What's the cooking mistake that cost you the most failures before you realised what it was?
Is Australian Wagyu beef grass fed?
How many cups of rice are there per water?
Why do people use gold as an ingredient in food? Does it help the taste?
Is it better to cook wantons and then store them or store them in the fridge raw until they’re ready to cook?
How do you make rice fluffy and not sticky?
What is the healthiest way to cook frozen vegetables?
Is it possible to become a chef if you are disgusted by meat?
Does Burger King cook an impossible burger on a separate grill?
How do I boil eggs to make them easy to peel?
Is lasagna only one flavour? Pasta have so many flavours but I only can find the same one lasagna recipe.
What do you think is the most underrated simple food combination?
What is common "poor student" food in your country?
Why does fat taste so heavenly good?
Which food is best in summer?
Would you rather have an AI bathroom with built-in arms that washes and grooms you or an AI kitchen with built in arms that knows what you want to eat, and cooks it for you?
How long do you cook a beef roast at 350 degrees?
How long does it take to cook salmon at 425 degrees?
Which cooking oil is good for human health?
What is the best way to store cheese blocks?
What is the best pasta machine for homemade pasta?
A recipe calls for 1 /3 cup of suger 2 cups of flour. How many cups of flour do you need to add 3 cups of sugar?
What type of bread is traditionally used for croque monsieur?
What are the best chef's knives for impressive results?
What is the best way to eat beef?
What can you add to make your oatmeal tastier?
What kind of oil makes the best pasta dough?
What are the different types of charcoals for grilling?
How do you guys handle steaks that have been cut too thin (1”)?
Which kitchen appliance is used to fry, bake, broil, or roast foods?
Is it true that in Italy pasta is never usually a main meal item but a side dish to have with other foods? If so, what main food items do Italians usually have with pasta as the side dish?
How do you keep onions from rotting?
My kids have started to eat more at dinner. How do I up the amount without wasting food? If I cook another chicken breast, it will go to waste. How can I beef it up?
How do you cook frozen egg rolls at Costco?
What are the best pizza sauce recipes that do not use tomato paste?
How much money do you save cooking at home versus eating out?
What would happen if I cleaned my self-cleaning oven with baking soda & vinegar and there is still a little residue in the side openings? Should I blame this on my anxiety? Will it explode?
Can you cook pasta in chicken broth instead of water?
Why don't homemade foods taste as good as restaurant food?
How does butter affect cookies?
Why does jam sometimes not thicken, and how do you remedy it?
What is a masal kaleji recipe for Eid al-Fitr?
What is the standard grill size?
What is scalded milk?
Does Pizza Hut sell Margherita pizza?
Which cast iron baking sheet will you recommend for someone who wants to start?
Is fried okra healthy?
How do I make buttermilk from sweet milk?
What are some of the world's best sandwiches (and their recipes)?
I bought BBQ ribs at a takeout joint last night and they're really dry. Is there a way to make them moist again (short of dousing them with sauce) or is it a lost cause?
How do you cook when you don't like cooking?
Which cut of steak has the most flavor and fat?
Why does my silverware sometimes taste metallic?
Who is the better chef: Gordon Ramsay or Jacques Pépin?
Why does YouTube do nothing about the proliferation of fake and dangerous food/cooking hacks?
What is circle pasta called?
How do I cook a beef roast without drying it out?
How much butter goes into a single croissant 🥐?
Is it extremely cruel to boil a live lobster?
What is the most underrated pizza topping? Could it be spaghetti?
How long do you cook a medium rare steak on the stovetop?
How do I cook moist boneless pork chops?
Is there an actual reason why old cast iron pans are better than the ones made nowadays? Was there a change in production methods or something?
How do you stop baking sheets from warping in the oven?
If boiled chicken breast is too dry, can you make it more palatable with a pinch of salt afterward?
What is the function of sugar in cake making?
Does Subway use real tuna?
How do you make pineapple salsa from scratch?
How do I troubleshoot/diagnose an oven that won't heat past a certain point?
Why do eggs stick to frying pans, no matter what material the pan is made of?
What's the best way to make a homemade mashed potato?
I babysit for a family with a picky eater and want to cook dinner for all of them. What can I make that the whole family will like?
Should pasta be washed before and after cooking?
How do you cook steak well done on the inside without burning the outside?
What dishes do professional chefs dislike preparing at a restaurant?
How do Americans cook squirrels?
Why is Colonel Sanders’ recipe still a secret after all of these years?
Do cooks have any hacks for storing brown sugar so it doesn't get hard as a rock?
How do you stop pasta from sticking to the pot while cooking it?
Does China have Wagyu beef?
What is your cooking secret ingredient?
Why would you keep fresh eggs in refrigerated storage for at least a week or two …before using them?
My husband said I "disgust" him and that I'm lazy just because I didn't feel like cooking a full meal for him at 10 pm. Should I have just cooked no matter the time?
Do you know how to quickly bring an egg that has just been taken out of the refrigerator to room temperature?
Why is it called chicken Parm if it's made with mozzarella?
What is that food you pay so much for if you eat out, can actually be easily made at home?
Should you marinate vegetables with meat?
Should I tell any potential female dates that I want a woman who knows how to cook and clean?
How thick should a Wagyu steak be?
How do I make a French onion dip easily?
How long does chicken stock last in the fridge?
What do you like to dip your fries in besides ketchup?
What are the healthiest alternatives to sugar substitutes?
What happens if you put pizza into a mixer?
How do pizza brands sell unlimited pizza and make a profit?
What is vegan blintzes? How is it made? Why?
Will parboiling a potato with the skin on before I microwave it make it less lumpy? If so, how long should it be parboiled, or is there something better to get a quicker baked potato?
How long does it take to cook raw chicken breasts?
How long can eggs be unrefrigerated before becoming unsafe to eat?
I left my gas stove on for a couple of seconds. Should I be worried?
How do you keep foods cool without a cooler?
What are your heavenly good meal recipes that involve maple syrup?
What does it mean when my neighbor brings over a bowl of mashed potatoes with skins in them with more than 10 plastic nails in them?
What food is allowed into Spain from the UK?
Can you share a photograph of foreign cuisine you made at home?
What is the easiest food to make from scratch?
How do people come up with new recipes for food?
French toast and Panzanella are wonderful uses for leftover bread. What are some other sublime uses for common leftover ingredients in other cuisines?
How do you know if your olive oil is rancid?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done food-wise?
Why don't the restaurants tidy up before Gordon Ramsay arrives for shooting "Kitchen Nightmares"? Or is it a surprise visit within a given time window, and the people can't fix up things in time?
How long do I cook a pick nic 2 lb roast on an electric grill?
How do I cook chicken such that it isn't chewy and rubbery?
What are some low-cost hummingbird food recipes?
What type of cake should I make for my husband?
Is it possible to live a rich culinary life full of good food if you keep strictly kosher?
Why do eggs and pineapples not go together?
I’ve been thinking about moving on my own. I’m only 18 and I don’t know anything I need to know to move out ASAP. How do I prepare how to cook and move out?
In what ways was Anthony Bourdain ahead of his time?
Is the original Italian pizza very thin or a slightly thicker dough?
Does it matter what flour you use for a sourdough starter?
In the original Jurassic Park, a dish that somewhat resembles sushi or sashimi with an orange garnish is placed before Laura Dern in the scene immediately following them witnessing a T-Rex tear a goat to pieces. What was that dish, if not fish?
Why is mayonnaise still so common? Almost nobody under 55 likes it and it’s the base of a lot of sauces used in samwiches When will this change?
What is the most satisfying food you've ever cooked?
Why do some knife makers claim that their products never need to be sharpened? How is this possible and logical?
Would bringing chicken in a 6% wet brine regularly be unhealthy because of the added salt from the brine?
How long do potato pancakes last in the fridge?
What is the easiest pasta dish to prepare?
How much cheese and flour do I need to make a large cheese pizza at home to feed 8 people?
If I order an 8oz steak at a restaurant, is the steak 8oz before or after cooking?
How do you stop boiled food from sticking to a stainless steel pot?
What is the best mushroom variety someone can add to their homemade spaghetti sauce?
Is it fine to eat undercooked chicken breasts?
What is the fastest way to cook beans?
Does it matter if flour is bleached or unbleached for baking?
What’s the best way to store onions still attached to their greens?
Why don’t chefs wipe their knives after sharpening? I’ve sharpened knives before, and I’ve noticed metal dust when wiping the knife afterward?
How do you tell if fried chicken is done without a thermometer?
What should I name my YouTube cooking channel?
What are the effects of more people watching cooking shows?
Is it okay to use PAM cooking spray to tan?
How can I master using a knife for cooking without taking a course?
What's the best way to eat biscuits?
Why can’t we buy chicken breasts with the skin on? Are the poor chickens grown skinless?
What is the best temperature to cook a joint of beef?
How many calories are in pork and beans?
How long does it take to water bath apple butter?
Why do I need to use an oven to make creme brulee?
Are there any good Filipino recipes for a family?
What dish is local to you that no one outside the region has heard of?
Does low sodium bacon taste different?
What are some ideas for cold finger food that can be eaten while driving?
Is sweet cream butter the same as regular butter?
Do people really cook pasta and sauce separately then pour it on top?
What are the best pans to cook with and have food not stick to it or burn?
Is it gross to eat non-toasted bread with butter and jam?
What is the best way to fry canned tuna?
What is the most delicious dish someone brought to a gathering that the person would not give out the recipe for? Did you ever find out how to make it?
What was supposed to be the next big thing in cooking but totally flopped?
How do you make a peppery, sweet, homemade chili jam (food, preserves, cooking, canning, fruits, sugar, sweets, and condiments)?
Why does my brown rice always turn out hard?
Do you consider sweet corn a proper pizza topping?
Is it okay to barbecue previously frozen beef?
How do you cook foods that you hate?
Can a pancake mix substitute for a cake mix?
Thinking of opening a small grocery store featuring bulk dry goods - spices, beans, grains, pastas, flours, etc. This would eliminate need for expensive refrigeration, reduce spoilage, and be cheaper for the customer. Is this a place you would visit?
Can you leave pizza dough to rise for hours?
How can you fix a cast iron pan that becomes sticky after cooking?
How can you tell if olive oil is real?
