Bilal sacrifices goat and get 13 5/7 kg of meat. he gave one third of meat in charity. how much meat is left with him? Answer is 9 1/7 mixed fraction.
Why aren't guns used in slaughterhouses? Would gunshots to the head be a more humane alternative to slaughtering animals?
Is McDonald's going to use Beyond Meat?
Why does meat digest faster than vegetables?
Is eating rare steak healthier than eating well done steak?
Why won't my cat eat meat? She eats dry cat food right now and she is one and a half years old. She won't eat any kind of meat, cooked or raw, but she will eat vegetables, fruits and other things.
What can you use to bind burgers instead of eggs?
There are rumors that chicken meat causes PCOS. Is that true?
What kind of meat is in meat tortellini?
Is pork belly considered muscle or organ meat?
If you had a battered sausage, would you like it?
Are restaurants in China allowed to sell dog meat, or are they just for special places?
What are the pros and cons of eating beef meat as a post-workout meal?
Is it rude to send a steak back that is clearly medium-well after requesting medium-rare?
What should I do? My son became a vegan (for animal rights) 2 years ago. Now, he said he can't socialize with us in a restaurant unless we (the family) go to a vegan place. He can't stand seeing us eating meat.
How many calories are in a pork rib?
How much meat should I buy per person?
How different is soya bean protein from meat protein?
Is chipotle steak or chicken healthier?
When should I add wine to minced meat sauce?
What causes ground beef to turn grey?
Why does my head hurt after I eat meat?
If I eat meat am I complicit in animal cruelty?
Cats need to eat meat, but my cat has no desire to eat any kind of meat. She won't eat tuna, chicken, beef, or any kinds of fish. All she wants is dry food. What should I do?
Is plant-based meat nutritionally equivalent to real meat?
What do we call a person who cuts and sells meat?
What happens if we eat meat after a banana?
What is horse meat worth?
Why do vegetables go bad faster when cooked, yet the opposite is true for meat?
How long or how many days can we keep Qurbani meat according to Islam?
What is 'artificial chicken flavour'? Is it a meat product?
Is it rude to make a scandal at the table because others eat meat?
What should be done to meat and plants to prepare them in a survival situation to avoid getting illnesses from them?
How is it possible that meat placed in our freezer several days ago is frozen rock hard while a package of Klondike Ice Cream bars placed at the same time are soft to the touch?
How rare can you eat a steak?
What is the recommended meat that is "aged" for 30 days?
I’m 14 years old and I am a very picky eater. I don’t eat any vegetables or any meat that is partly cooked. The last time I ate a full vegetable was when I was 9. How can I bring myself to eat more foods?
Are there any parts of the pig people don't eat?
What is baby venison called?
What can you eat with A5 Wagyu?
Do people cook expensive steak like wagyu beef well done?
What are the factors affecting post-mortem changes in muscle and meat quality?
When we thaw meat (or simmer it), is the reddish liquid that comes out blood?
Where can I buy a meat cleaver?
Is Black Angus beef grass fed?
Are Beyond Meat's sausages any good?
Why are baby chickens killed in the meat industry? Why not wait until they grow up and have more meat on them?
Are bloody stools normal after eating red meat?
What signs are there of your body rejecting meat products?
Is frozen meat as tasty to cook as fresh meat?
How do you prepare "bread steak"?
Why are so many people obsessed with eating almost raw steak?
How many tacos will 1 pound of meat make?
What do you call a person who eats meat and vegetables?
I live in Florida and there's a huge demand for gator meat from the Chinese market. I have about 120 loyal Chinese customers. How can I grow my gator meat business to reach the 2 billion Chinese people?
Can a 12-year-old stop eating red meat? I want to have beyond meat instead of red meat. Would that affect my health in any kind of way?
What​ are the health benefits of donkey meat?
Would a butcher ever sell vegan meat and does a vegan expect them to sell it?
Can you eat raw ground beef?
Do you have full meat pizzas?
Is it ok to eat a piece of meat from the store that had part of the plastic wrap torn off?
Chicken, beef, or pork, you can't eat one of these three meats again, which do you choose and why?
How does a bite from the lone star tick cause an allergic reaction to meat?
What is the secret to moist meatloaf that holds its shape and doesn't fall apart?
Should you remove the bone from steak before cooking?
Does Italian pizza have meat?
When grilling meats, is there any practical reason for giving them a quarter turn before flipping them, other than to leaving the crisscross grill (char) marks?
What does the world think about cultivated meat? What would be the possible advantages and disadvantages?
If frozen chicken is left out for 24 hours, is it still cookable?
What is the best cut of pork to use if you're going to shred it?
If there was an apocalypse, would strict vegans and vegetarians eat meat?
Do people eat bear meat?
How concerned should we be about lab-grown meat? Something about it makes me distinctly uncomfortable. Are my concerns reasonable?
Why is kosher salt better for dry brining meat than table salt?
Why do people in France not understand that I like well-cooked meat?
How can you eat meat daily for free?
Do consumers of animal products including meat eaters feel the moral obligation to honor the sacrifices paid by the animals which they consume?
Where is the best steak in Europe?
Why is my lamb meat green?
What would life be like in a universe where instead of burying / cremating etc. the deceased, people close to them cooked and served their meat in order to honor their soul, like it was a "parting gift" to give away their body to be used as food?
Can Qurbani meat be given to non-Muslims?
What happens to your body when you give up meat in a diet?
Do most Swedes enjoy whale meat like Norwegians?
Is Crocodile or Alligator meat very tasty? What does it taste like? How commonly eaten and how expensive to order at a restaurant? How compared to snake meat? Does it make you sick?
What kind of meat is used in the Subway Cold Cut Trio sandwich?
Is eating 100 calories worth of chocolate the same as eating 100 calories worth of meat?
Is it okay to cook a vegetarian meal for someone who likes meat if your family is vegetarian?
Is it considered hypocritical for meat-eaters to accuse people of eating dogs?
Does Europe BBQ brisket?
How do I retain meat without using a refrigerator?
You were served with pork or beef, but you don't eat any kind of meat. You are hungry and you are the guest. What will you do? Why?
Is lizard meat beneficial for human health?
How long is thawed pork good for?
Do you put ketchup on your steak?
Question to vegans. If animals died peacefully with no pain or harm, old age for example, would you still eat meat? I’ve asked TVT and she never replied.
Do cows eat meat?
Does a vegan diet have better effects on your health than one containing meat?
Why do we call cow meat "beef" and pig meat "pork" but no matter the poultry we call it the name of the animal such as chicken or turkey meat?
How long should one keep fresh fish and meat in the fridge without it being frozen?
How can you tell if cooked pork chops are bad?
Is it okay to eat the fat of a steak?
What makes olive wagyu so rare?
Will I die if I eat only ground chicken once every week?
How do you feel about legalizing horse meat for consumption?
If meat is so bad for you, why do Japanese people live the longest despite eating a lot of meat?
I'm a 15 years old girl and I stopped eating meat in February but my skin condition has gotten so much worse. I have more acne than I used to and my cheeks get red all the time. Does somebody know why?
When you make meat patty with ground beef what can you put in and mix with the ground beef to make it flavorful? I'm thinking about salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion flakes and paprika
What makes fish rot so quickly compared to other types of meat?
How do I roast a prime rib bone in?
Will a vegan cook meat for others?
Is it true that steak-lovers often make fun of people who like their steak well-done? If so, why?
What part of the cow is filet Mignon?
How much pulled pork and roast beef is needed for a party of 60 people?
What meat goes best with pad thai?
I thought pork was the most hated meat in the world because so many cultures or religions are negative towards it. How is it that it's the most consumed type of meat in the world?
How do people who do not eat meat supplement their daily protein intake?
Where is the best place to buy thick steaks since grocery stores are often cut too thin (and many butcher shops as well)?
Where can I buy ostrich meat?
Do you like meat in your taco?
What are the healthiest combinations of meat and vegetables?
Can vegetarians make up every single nutrient they sacrifice by not eating meat? Or is there any nutrient that they HAVE TO sacrifice?
What is the price of crocodile meat in Australia?
Is it healthy to consume goat meat on a daily basis?
Is lab-grown meat ecologically better?
What is cutter meat?
Which countries produce the highest quality beef in the world?  Order by ranking officially? Let’s say top 20
How do you wash your hands after handling raw meat?
Why is ribeye the most marbled steak?
If a raw steak falls on the floor, would you still cook and eat it?
How can meat production contribute to global warming when it's part of the biogenic cycle?
Do meat pies exist much around the rest of the world, or are they a British thing?
Is it true that red meat and sugar can make people look older? What type of food makes people look younger/youthful?
Does chicken parmigiana have ham in it?
When will the stigma of eating dog meat ever end?
What does baby beef liver taste like?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Chicken meat?
Discuss the type and use of growth promoters feed additives in animal nutrition? What are your recommendations for using feed additives for milk enhancement in dairy and meat production in beef animals.
Why do people say we need meat to survive when there are tons of vegans for many years and they're still fine?
Is writing like cooking? Cooked meat tastes better if it's been rested. Likewise, isn't our writing better if we let the first draft rest before we revise?
Is it wrong to ask a vegetarian to cook meat for you?
Why do some foods, like chocolate or smoked meats, cause cravings for more of the same? Do they trigger some sort of biochemical response?
What are the pros and cons of eating pork versus beef?
How long can a dog go without eating meat?
What are the disadvantages of eating tiger meat?
Who uses Beyond Meat?
Is there such a thing as meat intorelince?
What kind of meat can be used as rendang?
Can I get all my proteins from eggs as the only animal source (no meat, no fish, no dairy)?
What benefits do the 10 essential nutrients in beef provide to the human body?
What is the red fluid that comes out of meat?
How much is Wagyu in Tokyo?
What are the most overpriced cuts of meat that people often buy from their local butcher?
How thick should a Wagyu steak be?
What are some tips for trying to give up meat?
How many briskets can you get per cow?
Does milk take the gamey taste out of venison?
How is Subway’s steak prepared?
Why do meat eaters have hate against vegans/vegetarians?
Why do people assume I am vegetarian just because I don't eat meat often? I still eat meat, I just don't eat it in every meal.
Is New Zealand lamb shipped frozen?
Would you date a meat eater?
How do I make gravy from a beef roast?
For those who have grown up vegetarian, how would you describe the taste of different meats (chicken, beef, pork, etc.)?
What are some ethical reasons that justify eating factory-farmed meat?
Why does the smell of meat make me so nauseated?
Does McDonald's have meat alternatives?
What part of the cow is beef brisket?
How long does it take to raise a cow for slaughter?
How much boneless meat can we get from 1 kg of chicken?
Does meat or chicken lose any of its nutrients when ground up?
What makes a “gamey” taste in meat?
Does deer eat meat?
How do you make homemade meat tenderizer?
How do I cook a turkey with cheesecloth?
How rare is too rare for steak?
Can I eat a raw steak that has been in the fridge for 7 days?
What would cause you to start eating lab grown mean vs. meat from an animal?
What will it take for meat prices to go back to pre-covid, and why haven't they already?
Is it elitist to be vegan? If so, why?
Is it ok to eat hot dogs right out of the package?
Is eating meat good for you?
Why does Taco Bell’s meat taste different?
How long does it take to roast a beef tenderloin?
Is chewy lamb undercooked or overcooked?
How do I broil bone in pork chops?
Why is red meat bad for adult’s health?
How can you prepare stuffed pork chops?
What do you think of dog meat festivals in China? Are you horrified by this or do you respect this because you think its cultural and not your business?
Do you think they should sell venison at the grocery store for a price?
What do you look for when buying steak?
Which plant-based "meat" product would you recommend for kids?
What are the health benefits of eating quail meat?
Why do Westerners eat semi-raw meat that is covered with the meat's flowing red blood?
How long does it take red meat to be digested?
Is it bad to eat meat cold?
Are insects considered meat?
How do I cook bacon on George Foreman?
How often do you eat meat?
Is vegetarian food more effective for building muscles or meat?
How much meat is a quarter cow?
Is bear meat salty?
How do I cook beef cubes on a stove?
Do nutrition labels on raw meat packaging assume how much doneness the cooked meat will have?
Why are some meats darker than others?
What do we call the people who eat meat and fish?
Are vegans okay with people who hunt for their own meat?
If I was smelling raw meat to see if it was rotten and accidentally got too close and some touched the mucous membranes in my nose, will I get sick?
Can I raise my kids as vegan even though I am myself a hardcore meat eater?
Which animal has the best meat to eat?
Would we die if we never ate meat?
Why does meat taste like metal to me but not others?
Is burnt food such as pizza or meat cancerous to eat?
How do you guys handle steaks that have been cut too thin (1”)?
Why is crab meat considered halal?
How much is a pound of ham?
Is turkey meat halal or haram?
How often should we eat raw meat?
Do you consider the steak pictured here burnt?
What is the preferred choice of meat in South Korea?
Can pineapple juice dissolve steak and/or other meats?
Is eating a rare hamburger more risky or a rare steak?
Aging meat and cheese, how it doesn't spoil?
How hardcore can a vegan or meat eater be?
How does beef achieve "A5" status?
How do I make beef liver taste good?
Which one is tastier, duck or chicken?
How much is a pound of meat?
What are your thoughts on eating gene edited meat? Is there an ethical argument against it?
Can I eat a Beyond Meat or Impossible Burger raw?
Can a vegan also exclude "plant-based meat" or any type of alternative?
Is it safe to leave raw beef on the counter for hours prior cooking?
Is it really healthier to be a vegetarian but then people say it’s also not and can get health issues with not eating meat from the lack of nutrients? Which one is better?
Does Target sell impossible meat?
Are we being tricked into eating vegetables? Vegetables use less resources to grow than meat does. Studies have proved that humans should not eat vegetables.
Why doesn't chicken skin stick to the meat anymore? It used to be hard to peel it off 20 years ago, now it's barely attached.
Why do so many cults want their members to stop eating meat?
Why is horse meat illegal in Australia?
Why do I feel nauseous when I eat red meat?
What name is given to goat meat?
How big of a taste difference is there between prime and choice grade beef?
How much similar is dog meat to mutton?
What makes Wagyu beef different from other beefs?
When grilling steaks outdoors, which gives a better result, a propane grill or a charcoal grill?
I have been thinking about this for days now. Is the heart considered organ meat or muscle meat?
What meats do I need to use to make pepperoni?
What are the the most consumed meats in the world?
What is your opinion on Beyond Meat launching meat-free chicken tenders in the United States?
I'm from a strict Hindu vegetarian caste and I ate meat out of curiosity to try it and due to stupid reasons and accidently ate on an festival but I never really enjoyed it, How do I reconcile with this?
Which is healthier, chicken sausage or turkey sausage?
What would happen if I only ate steak?
If fungus spores are everywhere, is it also present in regular food like milk, rice, and meat? If present, then how much?
How do I cut beef for stir fry?
If humans don't need meat to survive, why did we choose to eat meat for thousands of years?
Can I substitute venison for beef?
Why do vegetarians feel sick after they eat meat?
How long does dry cured meat last? Can it last forever?
Why is it so hard to fake a realistic tasting egg, unlike fake milk, meats, and cheeses?
Which is better, steak or prime rib?
Can you grill meat that had just started to rot and smells slightly sweet, or is it too late?
What meat goes well with baked beans?
How does bison meat taste as compared to beef?
Does cat meat taste good? What does it taste like?
How do I make tofu taste like beef?
My friend says he believes in "vegan philosophy" but still eats limited amount of animal products for health but refuses to eat junk meat. Isn't he being a hypocrite?
What is the connection between eating meat and cognitive dissonance?
At what age should you cull your roosters to get the best meat?
How long does it take to cook frozen meatballs in a crockpot?
Which is healthier: chicken, beef, or pork?
Why do restaurants ask how you like your steak cooked?
Are the steaks in my freezer which I bought fresh and froze over a year ago still good to thaw out, cook, and eat?
What happens if you cook meat that isn't fully defrosted?
How do you shred meat with shredding claws?
Is chicken breast considered organ meat?
I ate 1 piece of red meat and Google said it can cause diseases. Should I stop?
Why are beef ribs so much more expensive than pork ribs?
Is it okay to only eat meat and vegetables at 13?
How do I shut down radical vegans claiming that eating meat is abusing animals?
Which of the Ribeye and Fillet is the better cut of meat?
What's the meat of the rabbit called?
Do you prefer the ground beef from your butcher or local grocery?
Is Subway’s beef actually “steak”?
Is eating processing meat harmful for your health? How and why?
Is Australian Wagyu beef grass fed?
Why is it important for the butcher/ wholesalers/ retailer to know and for consumer to identify different meat cuts?
How do I make thin flat burger patties?
Why do meat eaters judge vegans so critically? It seems normal for them to outwardly criticize a vegan diet, but uncommon to hear a vegan mention anything about meat eaters.
What is the perfect hamburger patty weight?
Is the crab meat sold at Costco genuine crab meat?
What's the difference between browning and burning food?
Where do people get raccoon meat?
Can I eat meat when taking antibiotics?
Is horse meat chewy?
How do I know when a steak is too old past the expiration date?
Why do I get diarrhea after eating meat and dairy products?
What kind of meat are humans?
Can you use hand sanitizer after handling raw meat?
What are some of the reasons vegetarians choose not to eat meat?
What is the best cut of meat for pulled pork?
How do prime rib patties differ from regular beef patties?
Why do some Westerners eat dog meat?
How long does it take to cook a turkey overnight?
What does it mean when the meat is slimy?
How do restaurants manage to marinade meat without the meat turning tough and rubbery? Do they constantly marinate throughout the day?
Do diets rich in processed meat increase the risk of contracting CoVID-19?
My cat drank raw unwashed meat red blood, should I be concerned, if so what should I do?
Do people actually like steak?
Is eating meat every day bad?
The more the animal suffers, the better the meat tastes. Is it the concept behind halal meat?
What meat goes best with sweet potatoes?
What does bull meat taste like? Is it different from steer meat or cow meat?
Will there be peace on Earth when man no longer eats meat?
Is prime steak worth it?
Do I have to worry about food utensils while I'm cooking meat?
I am vegan of 15 years and my new boyfriend has tricked me into eating meat and dairy 3 times and laughed in my face about it. Is it time to end things?
Is eating meat a racist hate crime?
What is yield grade in meat?
If meat is bad for the planet and fish is becoming unsustainable, what are we all to eat?
What is marbling, and how does it affect beef grading?
Why mustn't you store cooked meat and raw meat together?
Why are there Chinese who religiously refuse to eat chicken but will eat pork?
Is Bovril the same as Vegemite?
What is the Turkish word for turkey meat?
If you cook pork sausage in a non-stick pan and do not wash the pan, is it safe to cook pork sausages in it the next day? Can it make you sick?
How do I cook prime rib roast beef?
Can you eat shark meat?
What kind of beef does Five Guys burgers use?
Are plant-based fake meats really as healthy as they say? What do you think about it?
Does the Quran really tell us to eat flesh/meath slaughtered in Allahs name, or does it simply mention us to read Allahs name over all meat in general?
How do you figure out if meatballs are done all the way through without breaking one open?
What is a good rule of thumb when purchasing meats?
How do people who eat improperly cooked meat not get sick?
What does "All animals killed for meat should be slaughtered humanely" mean?
Why does seafood spoil more quickly than meat?
Would bear meat that was farmed and slaughtered by a kosher butcher be kosher for the Jewish?
Why doesn't gyros meat smell like lamb?
Should eating meat be illegal?
Does cooking meat kill the coronavirus?
How do I make tofu taste like steak?
Where can I buy good Wagyu beef in Singapore?
Do people eat elephant meat?
Is BBQ as expensive to make as restaurants charge for it ($20 for two meats and sides)?
Why is my crawfish meat black?
Considering that the Mongolian climate is very cold, which leads to the limitation of harmful microorganisms, as well as a scarcity of vitamin source from vegetables. Why didn't the Mongolian have a culture of eating fresh meat like the Inuit?
Why are crab legs so expensive but crab meat is so cheap?
Why does mutton meat have this peculiar smell? What causes it to be so much stronger than other kinds of meat?
Do monkeys eat meat?
Why most people love meat so much and always like to eat it?
How much ground beef do you need for 12 burgers?
Are plant based meat substitutes good for health?
How do I make meatloaf with ground beef?
Why does meat turn a grayish pale when defrosted/thawed?
How did offal come to be perceived as icky in many Western cultures?
If we had to name every meat, what names would we give to animals we don't normally eat?
How can lungs help us breathe if they're dense meat?
Is it okay to eat beef or meat if the label doesn’t say halal?
Will a restaurant serve me a cheap steak if I ask for it well done?
How come we can’t cook raw meat that has expired or gone bad? Isn’t the whole reason we cook meat to get rid of bacteria and other harmful substances that could make you sick?
What are the benefits of eating meat protein?
Is artificial meat kosher?
Which is better to cook, a steak or stew?
Will eating meat be banned in the future?
Is it true that in America, organ meat is rarely eaten and discarded in the trash?
Are there any health benefits to eating cobra meat?
When I was young, I had some steak that had a certain subtle tangy taste. It wasn't an acid marinade. I've tried many of those. What am I missing?
Are dogs meant to eat meat?
Would you ever shop for meat in a wet market?
Sheep meat is good or bad for piles?
What's a good alternative cut to brisket if I cannot find it?
If a kilo of pork meat can be eaten by 5 people, how much will he pay?
Is it safe to cook frozen meat without thawing?
How long does vacuum sealed meat last in the freezer?
How do you make bacon not crispy?
How do you know when a Beyond Meat meatless burger patty has gone bad?
Is the meat in a Chinese restaurant really beef and chicken?
What is the name for dog meat?
Is it true that Wagyu steak is the best piece of meat in the world?
What kind of exotic meat animals have you eaten?
Is buffalo meat good to eat?
My boyfriend eats all the deli meat by the handful when he smokes weed. I love him but I also love sandwiches. What is a food that makes a high person tap out early?
I left frozen grilled pork sausage in a sealed bag overnight. Is it still good?
According to Christian precepts, can you eat meat at Easter?
Are the beef burgers in restaurants smoked? Burgers in restaurants don't taste at all like what I cook, unlike chicken burgers when I cook it at home its taste is similar. If the beef burgers are smoked then show me how to smoke a burger?
Is lard pork or beef? Which one is more healthy?
Do you feel more guilty throwing away leftover meat than other types of foods?
Can you make bacon out of owls?
What are some good spaghetti recipes with ground beef?
Is chicken considered a meat?
Is bacon from a butcher or from a grocery store fresh meat department usually better than similar brand-name bacon pre-wrapped?
What are some of the most underrated cuts of steak that are actually quite good for the price in comparison to more expensive cuts?
What makes prime grade beef expensive?
What is the reason as to why fancy restaurants like the source link don't seem to season meat and fish right away and season it later, given how seasoning like salt is crucial when cooking the protein rather than just adding it for flavor afterwards?
Is it feasible to smoke meat with spruce needles?
What meat product is safe for camping without refrigeration?
How do I cook a Fred's steak?
Is pepperoni usually made from pork or beef in the United States?
What is select beef?
What gives us food, like milk, eggs, or meat?
What nutritional benefits does beef offer me that other proteins don’t?
How long after butchering would meat go bad if left out?
Do you offer full meat pizzas?
Do vegetarians and vegans smell worse or do strict meat eaters?
Why are the meat-free, meat-style meals twice as expensive as real meat?
Would vegans and vegetarians lose a major argument point if cloned meat became mainstream since the meat was never alive to begin with?
How do I use a meat slicer to be cleaned and sanitized at home?
How many calories are in thick cut bacon?
Would anyone eat a hotdog if they knew what meat it is made from?
What is the cheapest meat in USA?
How do I cut a side of beef?
Will cutting out meat from your diet affect your cholesterol?
Is steak the most overrated food?
Are we addicted to meat, or do we just like the taste of it?
How many lbs of chicken breasts do I need to equal 3-cups of shredded meat?
What is the shelf life of a Beyond Meat patty?
If you were turning meat into a daube, what would you be doing with it?
How does Outback cook their steaks?
What is the white stuff on my burger bun?
What is the rarest you can cook a steak?
Is it alright to chant mantras after eating meat?
Is eating deer meat healthier than cow?
Can you pour ground beef grease down the drain?
What’s your favorite ground beef dinner?
How can I tell if raw duck has gone bad?
Can you be a meat eater and a good person at the same time?
Is it true that beef steak is technically just muscle and fat from a cow?
Is chicken cheaper than beef in Australia?
Can humans eat raw meat?
Can someone with high cholesterol take goat meat?
Are Beyond Meat burgers any good?
Can a doctor consume a quantity of red meat?
Why do Beyond Meat products make me gassy?
How much meat is in a chicken drumstick?
Does bat meat taste good?
Can you cook chicken and beef in the same pan?
Is rabbit halal?
Why is it that bones in sardines are safe to eat along with the meat, but the bones of larger fish are hazardous?
Is plant-based meat healthier than real meat?
Would crab meat taste good in Mac and cheese?
Why does New Zealand lamb taste different?
Is it true that meat is full of hormones?
How can you tell whether frozen meat has gone bad?
What is this translucent gelatinous substance in my deli meat?
How can I convince my boyfriend to go vegan like me? I’ve cooked for him a few times and he ate it, but he still continues to eat meat.
How can I make hotpot-style chicken and beef at home?
If chicken-fried steak is a thing, why isn't there steak-grilled chicken?
In general, would a domestic cat prefer a medium-rare steak or a raw steak? Both unseasoned.
Can eating pork cause worms in the belly?
If we have artificial animal meat, do we have other artificial parts of said animal? For example, artificial cartilage or artificial tripe.
How many times can you refreeze meat?
Is it okay to eat Wagyu beef as a whole steak?
If humans aren't designed to eat meat because we have to cook it, why do we cook anything?
Is the excuse that dogs are human companions and thus shouldn’t be eaten a good and valid excuse when defending against the consumption of dog meat?
How do you find the best meat sales?
I’m 14 and I’m a very picky eater, I don’t eat any vegetables or any meat that is partly done. I’ve also had traumatic memories with veggies when I was little. How can I bring myself to try new foods?
How long does Wagyu beef last in the fridge?
Is 1kg of meat equal to 1 litre of meat?
Can meat be left out overnight to defrost?
What should I look for in a meat slicer?
Is free range meat tougher?
Where do restaurants keep their steaks before cooking?
Does shark meat taste like urine?
What wood gives meat the best flavor?
Can you be an animal lover but still eat meat?
Why does all of the lamb meat that we buy lately all taste so bland? It used to have a characteristic and unique flavor.
Watching a YouTube video today I realised I had never tried goat meat. I’ve never seen it in a UK supermarket. Where/how could I get some? What does it taste like? Is it worth trying? What cut do I get?
What animal is Tomahawk Steak?
How is pancetta different from other cured meats?
Isn't plant-based meat just as unhealthy as meat itself?
Can you cook raw meat in pasta sauce?
What is a person called if they eat meat but not fish?
What is the most flavorful cut of steak?
How do you get the most out of your food and meat slicers?
How can I get a wholesale importer of either beef or mutton meat in Qatar?
What goat breed produces the most delicious and nutritious meat?
Why doesn't homemade steak sauce taste as good as a factory?
Can you freeze raw meat and cooked meat together?
What does the Bible say on meat eating?
Why is meat cheaper in Australia than in the UK?
Does more salmonella cross contamination break out in summer because of barbecuing and marinating raw meat from inside to outdoors?
Why don't all people feel bad about eating meat? Once people learn what’s involved, how can they still eat meat?
Which breed of chicken is the equivalent of wagyu beef in terms of price and quality of its meat?
How long can beef be left out?
How does smoking make meat 'cooked'?
How much taco meat is needed for 100 people?
Why do vegetarians try to shame people who eat meat when plants are alive too?
Is eating pork a sin for Catholics?
How do you season a frozen steak on a BBQ grill?
What is a person who refrains from eating red meat called?
What hot meat goes well with salad?
Are people ordering their steak rare just showing off?
Can you cook raw meat in an air fryer?
How long can you keep leftover ham?
Is it true that the FDA declared honey as a type of meat?
Does vegetarian Haggis taste like real haggis?
Why do people say cats have to eat meat to get taurine? What about taurine in seaweed?
Why does my raw chicken breast have a stringy/shredded texture?
What is the tastiest animal meat?
Is chicken the most consumed meat in Australia?
Can I have all white meats with GERD?
Which meat is best for a sugar diabetes patient?
Are humans more designed to eat fish than meat from mammals?
What is the function of the small bones in fish meat?
Is it OK to just rinse hands after touching raw meat?
How do you eat Vegemite like an Aussie?
What's a good way to make a horse burger restaurant financially viable if you only have one horse's worth of meat?
What part of the cow does a ribeye come from?
When you call a cut of beef tough, is it the actual meat that’s tough or the gristle/connective tissue that makes it tough?
When eating undercooked meat, what is actually causing my stomach (intestinal region) ache?
What is the difference between prime, choice, and select beef?
Even if I love the taste of meat, I want to become a vegetarian for ethical reasons. How can I do that?
Reference the current 8 million pounds of chicken recall because of listeria, Why not instead instruct everyone to re-cook at high temp instead of wasting all that meat? For that matter it could even be cooked and used as animal feed etc?
How do I dry cure meat at home?
How long is leftover meat good for?
How do you cook a tender strip steak?
What is the best container for marinating meat?
Lots of liquid/blood will come out when I dry brine cold meat slices with salt, but no liquid/blood will come out when I do it with frozen meat. Why?
Is it true that a Teflon non-stick pan has a better overall taste and flavor to it when cooking steak meat than a cast iron pan which possesses a more metal taste?
What are the benefits of eating dog meat?
Why do we put salt on our meat?
How can I kill/disinfect all viruses, bacteria, prions, germs from any kind of raw meat without cooking it?
I ate meat my whole life, but today for some reason I couldn't. When I saw the food, I felt bad for the animals that were killed. Am I going crazy?
When did rabbits stop being sold in Melbourne and Sydney butchers, but are still available in country butchers?
Do vegetarians smell nicer than people who eat meat?
How do vegans justify feeding their cats & dogs meat?
What happens if you cook a steak over high heat?
What type of meat scares you the most?
Am I the only one who disliked meat before even knowing where it comes from? I thought kids were supposed to be picky eaters.
How do I debone a turkey for turducken?
Are vegans against all suffering, or only animal suffering in the context of meat factories (and not in the contexts of being driven from their homes to make room for vegetable farms)?
Do whole foods use meat glue?
How is beef farming and meat profitable?
What is the difference between halal meat and haram meat?
How much nutrition does human "meat"/flesh have?
Can cooked ground beef still be pink inside?
Does marinating a steak in beer before grilling it help to improve the flavor?
Why does freshly killed meat taste different from aged meat?
How many calories are in 1kg of meat?
What is the best no meat empanada filling?
How many people will one 40 oz tomahawk steak feed?
How can you convert a mini fridge to a dry ager for beef at a reasonable cost?
Can cats/dogs eat cooked meat that was left out overnight?
What does the New Testament say about eating meat?
Why is fish healthier than other meats?
How do I broil skirt steak in an oven?
If processed meat is so unhealthy, how are the Germans able to eat it frequently without significant damage to health?
Is eating only red meat the best diet? Why?
Can a boneless chicken breast be tenderized with a tenderizer?
What are some good vegan bacon substitutes?
Why do some people return to eating meat after they have been vegetarian for many years?
Can you eat an old chicken after it stops laying eggs, or will the meat be tough?
Why do so many people lack the respect to understand that while dogs aren’t considered as food in their culture, they are considered as such in another culture? They always express outrage when someone eats dog meat.
Why is horse meat haram?
How do I make chimichurri sauce for steak?
Is cured meat fully cooked?
If meat grew on trees instead, would carnivores become vegetarians? Why or why not?
My boyfriend hits my shoulder. But he practices good dietary health choices and eats plenty of dark leafy greens and lean meats and an assortment of fruits and vegetables. I think the pros outweigh the cons. Do they?
Why is homemade steak not as good as steak from a restaurant?
How do you make taco meat less greasy?
Why do I keep dreaming about eating meat when I'm a vegetarian?
In an upscale restaurant if you were eating pork or lamb chops, could you use your hands to eat all the yummy meat off the bone?
How many calories are in a 16 oz steak?
What is the most ethical meat to eat?
Is it safe to store meat in the freezer wrapped in aluminium foil?
How many burgers can you get out of a pound of meat?
Can you buy Wagyu cows?
What are the disadvantages of eating beef?
Where do you stick the thermometer in a rack of lamb?
Why was meat salted instead of left fresh?
Does anyone from Geneva or Switzerland know if a meat plant called Geneva Hammel actually exists?
Which is the healthiest choice, a chicken sandwich or a beyond beef (veggie) burger?
Is flat iron steak the same as bavette?
Why can beef be cooked rare but not chicken or pork?
How much ground beef is needed for tacos for 50?
How long does it take to fry pork loin chops?
Why do people think that eating meat is good for them when evidence suggests otherwise?
What do you say to a rude non-vegetarian who attacks you for not eating meat?
How do I cook a New York sirloin steak?
What is the difference between salt pork and regular pork?
What happens when you only eat meat, vegetables and fat?
Is Striploin the same as the New York Strip?
If humans are meant to be vegan, then why does pretty much every culture all around the world eat meat and dairy?
Do you like to eat your steak rare, medium rare, medium, or well done?
In what ways will lab-grown meats impact the average person?
Does China consume more meat from chicken or duck?
Why don't people eat more plant-based meat?
I'm a "seasonally" vegetarian, I eat meat only on December of every year. Am I still a vegetarian and contributing to animals and humanity as well or not and I am just wasting my time?
Is it good to eat meat twice everyday?
Why do people say eating meat makes you strong like an ox, but many strong and big animals don't eat meat?
Why did Fox News hosts push the false story that President Biden was going to limit how much red meat Americans could eat?
How much real beef is in a Big Mac?
What effect would it have on your health to eat maggot infested meat, and have you ever done it?
Does a quick and painless death of an animal justify eating meat?
What can you do with A5 Wagyu fat?
Why won't people stop eating meat even though its not the best thing for our bodies and the planet?
How is the taste of meatball in your area?
Why is gyro meat considered healthy?
How much does meat shrink when cooked?
Are all chicken meats owned by fried chicken restaurants injected with salt before they are coated with seasonings?
Does dry aged steak taste like normal steak?
What is the lowest temperature you can cook lamb?
Is chicken the only bird meat that is dangerous when undercooked?
If plants are so delicious, then why do people try so hard to make it taste like meat?
What meat is good for uric acid, goat meat or sheep meat?
What is utility meat?
Why do some people think that ketchup should not be put on an inferior meat product such as a hot dog?
What are some good cuts of meat (beef, chicken, or pork) that are not expensive to practice using my offset smoker if you are just starting out?
Does bacteria grow when meat is thawed on a counter?
What kind of knife is the best for slicing or cutting meat?
Which pizza chain has the best meat lovers' pizza?
Why is it bad to eat raw beef?
What is your opinion on food that tastes like meat but has no meat inside it?
Does checking on slow-cooked meats such as brisket by opening your oven or smoker make the meat worse/tougher?
What is the best lean type of steak?
Which is better to wrap meat in, foil or butcher paper?
How is a bear meat Hamburg steak filled with both fat and red meat made? Why?
Why is it allowed to eat dog meat but it’s illegal to eat human even though dogs are more likely to have the strongest emotional connection with humans than person to another person (like dog Hachiko)?
What animal meat tastes the closest to human meat?
Are humans supposed to be vegetarian? A friend told me that humans are not supposed to eat meat, based on the fact that our teeth are flat like grass-eating cows, and not sharp fangs like tigers, is this true?
According to the Bible is lamb meat okay to eat?
Does quail meat taste better than chicken?
What's the difference between Angus, Prime rib and Sirloin burger patties?
Why does my stomach hurt after I eat red meat?
Do people who eat meat automatically end up in hell?
How does one become a vegan when he actually can't live without meat?
What are the cutest animals to eat?
What is artificial meat made of, and why is it said it's not healthy?
Can you steak camel meat?
English movies, TV series set in ancient and medieval times show that Rich Europeans eating meat and fruits, while poor Europeans eating bread. Roasted meat and fruits are healthy, but should they be eaten together and they never ate vegetables?
My grandma just mentioned that she was feeding old meat (several years old frozen) to her dogs and they went crazy for the broth in particular, why would this be?
What are the benefits of plant-based meat?
What pet peeve about deli or meat counters at supermarkets that have horizontal lines can you describe to us?
Does Australian lamb taste gamey?
What is the best way to order a steak?
Is eating raw meat Hungarian culture?
Why is it bad to defrost frozen meat and then freeze it again?
Is black pudding like summer sausage?
Why is pork skin not removed like beef and lamb?
What are some tips for going vegetarian if I like the taste of red meat?
What is the difference between beef and steak?
Is penguin and seal meat tasty, and where is it available legally?
What is the difference between ham, bacon and pork?
Why is it customary to serve red wine with meat dishes? Does it really make a difference?
Can beef be enjoyed regularly as part of a healthy, balanced diet?
Is it harmful for a toddler to have medium-rare meat?
What will happen if you don't brown the stew meat first before cooking a beef stew (and plan to cook it all day to make it tender)?
As an avid meat eater, is there a line you draw as to what species you will consume? Why?
How do you convince meat-lovers to become vegetarian?
Which cut of steak has the most flavor and fat?
What is so good about wet aged beef?
Is raw hamburger meat bad if it is brown on the outside?
Why are some meats more expensive than others?
Does human tissue/meat marble like beef?
Why is goat meat considered red meat?
Why do vegans hate meat even though other animals eat meat?
What temperature should you cook a pot roast to so the meat falls apart?
When is pork done?
Is it possible to make sandwich meat with no nitrates?
How do you cook cheap steak?
Are meat eaters on a primitive consciosness level compared to vegetarians?
Is feeding a cat tuna broth safer than tuna meat?
Is chicken breast a red meat or a white meat?
What are the different types of meat available at Subway?
What does rabbit meat taste like?
How do Chinese restaurants get their beef to be so tender? Like beef in black bean sauce or Mongolian beef etc. It almost falls apart in the mouth.
What would happen if I started eating meat after being a vegan for 9-10 months?
Which animal species do you like to hunt for its meat?
Who can help me cook meat?
Why would someone say they don't like steak but they eat hamburger meat?
Is it true that fast food chains might be using expired meat?
Is it unhealthy to eat cured meat?
What would happen to my body if I ate only meat and no vegetables for 5 years?
Are the wagyu beefs sold from H-Mart and other groceries really authentic?
Do Muslim people feed their pets halal meat?
How many Wagyu are there in Australia?
What is the purpose of adding water to the ground meat used in wonton stuffing?
Bechemel espagnole and bearnaise are types of which food?
What is the best frozen meat lover’s pizza?
Can we eat meat and egg together?
What kind of meat is oxtail?
Can Hare Krishna devotees eat meat?
Are ribs that fall off the bone overcooked?
Why are companies making meat-free, meat-style dishes? Surely vegetarians do not desire these items as they are a reminder of meat consumption.
How does one make a moist meatloaf?
What does a lamb shank taste like?
What is the French bread filled with meat, cheese, and salad called?
Is Morningstar Farms Sausage a much more healthy choice than the real meat?
Which combination of objects do you use as a reference for a healthy serving of meat?
